What's in the box?! Help the AFV team find out in our 20 questions super game this FRIDAY at 10am on Facebook LIVE. #facebooklive #whatsinthebox
"It's just my allergies." #notcrying
When car trouble threatens date night, keep the AFV app in your back pocket to keep the good times rolling: http://apple.co/JoOYRf
You might not consider yourself a cat person, but there furballs make a good case!
"Run?! Wouldn't you prefer a nice, relaxing walk?"  #workoutwednesday
Is it nap time yet?
Love is a complicated emotion.
Two heads are better than one!
"This wasn't on my wish list!"
"How does thing work?" #famouslastwords
A new level of multitasking. #lazyorgenius
There's a scaredy-cat in all of us.
Sit back relax and let summer happen!
She's really feeling this song!
Is it the weekend yet?
Manscaping has its challenges.
When that wall hits on Monday afternoons.
The bathroom is a good place for me time...
There's such a thing as too excited!
Fish are friends... not food!
Already working on his pick up lines. #lol #joeytribbiani
Let's hear that howl from the roof tops!
Taking bubble baths to the next level! #supersuds
That's one way to curb your spending.
We all get a little hangry.
Controlling your inner child is hard - even for dads! #HappyFathersDay
Jack and Jill go on a revised adventure.
When you try to play off a little mistake. #itwasnothing
Dance like no one is watching!
These animals are living the dream!
A baby with refined taste! #nomnomnom
These pets dress to impress!
Dad dance moves are almost as good as dad jokes! #HappyFathersDay
"Would you believe me if I said it was the collar?"
When you spend too much time at the zoo.
Trying to find where they've hid all the good snacks!
What's better than a summer at home?
No crumb left behind!
Because vacuuming should be fun!
Friday might just be our favorite day!
Dads are always keeping us out of trouble! #FathersDay
It's so hard keeping your hair out of the water fountain.
"What do you mean that's not a thermometer?!"
Trying to prove you're tough when you're also cute and little.
It's never a dull moment with dad!
"Can I play?"
Even furry siblings have their disagreements.
Debating between getting out of bed or pressing snooze again. #alarmstruggles
Debating between getting out of bed or pressing snooze again. #alarmstruggles
Pucker up!
He's gonna be a slugger! #teeball #lol
She's ready for her close up... that is her selfie! Check out more funny on the AFV app: http://bit.ly/1bhrk27
Too bad our workday doesn't include nap time!
This is what they call selective hearing.
When you and your best friend can be entertained for hours.
Are you sure it's not bring your cat to work day?
It's not Tuesday without a little trouble... cute trouble that is!
It's polite to return a wave. #bears
This squirrel has seen too many Mission Impossible movies.
Diet tips from a pug!
Guess he gets pranked a lot! #lol
Don't tease the cat!
Laughing it off like a champ!
At least he's not the one changing diapers!
This watchdog takes her job VERY seriously.
No balloon string? Dad's got you covered!
Even dad needs his beauty sleep!
Does this count as exercise?
When you're just in one of those moods.
"Did I fall asleep during the movie again?"
Our parents might not have approved, but we all loved blowing bubbles in our drinks!
"I love your bag! Where'd you get it?"
Come out and play!
Go ahead! Take a nap - you've earned it!
If you like the wind in your hair... #funnydogs
When you finally get that new vacuum cleaner. #cleaningiscool
"Anything you can do, I can do better... maybe not."
Even this doggy paddle pro needs her life jacket!
Proof dad is a superhero!
Bet you've never seen a dino-kitty!
She doesn't do duets. #lol
That's not how hammocks work!
Getting creative with our snow angels.
We can't handle the cute!
"I got my dancing shoes on. Where's the party?"
Why can't every sneeze be this cute?
Start your Friday with a laugh... or five!
Our relationship with cleaning starts early.
Taking on the day after you remember it's Friday.
"Is there room for me?" Nope.
Suddenly suds! #rubbadubdub
This little guy knows how to walk the walk!
"I'm awake! I'm awake!"
Don't know what to do with your free time this summer? Get creative!
This bed isn't big enough for the both of us! #puglife
"Did I do that?"
Who is herding who?
Dog is man's best friend!
Clearly all the good snacks are in the fridge!
AFV's Battle of the Balloons is now live from the office!! #facebooklive
So fishing might not be his thing.
He could use a belt!
Take notes from this vacation expert!
That'll get your attention!
It's always a good time for ice cream!
Take home the hilarious adventure! Zootopia is now available on Blu-ray, Digital HD & @Disney Movies Anywhere. Get it today: di.sn/6006BmY4p
Take a queue from this dog and POP on by to see the AFV Team back on Facebook LIVE this Wednesday at 12pm PST. Who will pop balloons fastest from their butt scooter? Tune in to find out!
The newest song to hit the radio!
Dad knows best, right?
Welcome to the Hundred Acre Wood.
The puppy helmet is still in development. #nothumbs
You know what they say... love hits you when you least expect it!
Never a dull moment when you're with your best friend. #bff
Growth spurts change everything. #whereiskevin
This is not the tennis ball she is used to.
A young Simon Cowell gives her seal of approval! #sheknowsfunny
Who wouldn't want to cuddle this adorable little pug?
The definition of puppy love!
"I'm not ready for my close up!"
Be my friend!
Super baby is having a super Sunday!
Just your average date night.
Virtual reality might be a little too real for Grandma!
Have leaf blower, will travel.
Did you catch all that? #chatty
A cat with an identity crisis!
There's always a line for the best rides!
It's breakfast time! #nomnomnom
Good to the last drop. #funnybusiness
When your private jet is in the shop.
It's a dog's life!
When you get really into swim lessons. #blowingbubbles
Pardon my frenchie!
When your inner child gets a little carried away!
Even the best food thieves have bad days.
It's not the boys' club anymore. #newsister #crustinmilk
Baby toys are crazy!
Hello... it's me.
A kiss will make it all better! #awww
Nobody puts baby in a corner!
Mom really knows how to tickle our funny bone! #babies #lol
These Crocs were made for walking, and that's just what they'll do.
Not everyone likes their vegetables.
They all deserve a degree in funny! #pompandcircumstance #graduation #congrats
Where was our invite to this pool party?!
It's time for a pool day!
"Now deal with it."
You can't stifle creativity! #thriller
The gym struggle is too real.
Clean and cute!
Friendship at its finest. #FoxAndTheHound #foxy
Being a beach bum is an art form!
How to make a grand entrance!
Shake it! Don't break it!
And Lucy didn't even have to pull the ball away! #charliebrown #peanuts #soccer
Hungry, hungry hamster!
When you realize not every weekend can be a holiday weekend!
Now you see me... Now you don't!
You know you're lazy when you wake up thinking about when you can fit a nap in your day.
Let the grilling begin! #MemorialDay
Did someone call the handyman?
Nothing is a match for dad! #superhero
Gotta catch 'em all!
You have a little something on your face.
Bet his dentist loves him!
Does this mean we're going on vacation?
Don't worry! She's got it!
What a way to wake up!
Make a splash this holiday weekend. #HappyMemorialDay
When you like things just so. #pacifierproblems
Just in time for summer!
Meet Captain Cat Sparrow.
So close and yet so far. #HappyMemorialDay
They see me rolling.
Summer science experiments!
"Dad, it's Saturday."
"Oh, did I fall asleep on the couch again?"
You might think flipping a water bottle is easy... you'd be wrong!
Like father, like son. #HappyMemorialDay
Shades out, babes out! #HappyFriday
"I would rather a dog!" #siblinglove
Just trying to get to the long weekend!
When your dog finds a new way to chase the mailman.
Honk, honk! #mothergoose
"So that's what I'd look like with a mustache!"  #msqrd #faceswap
#tbt When cooking meant putting some dirt in a bucket.
"I woof you!"
A true friend is someone who will scratch the hard to reach spots.
Take a second and appreciate you made it through Wednesday!
Dreams do come true!
"Long live the king!"
When cheat day is still a few days away. #nomnomnom
We all remember our first concert!
She made it look so easy!
"Look I'm helping!"
Struggles of the younger sibling.
True love's kiss includes a little slobber!
The best hobby we've ever heard!
This husky and baby go together like cute and cuddly! #bff
"Here comes the train..."
We have the same trouble with our keys... and our glasses... and most things!
When you have to sneeze at the worst time. #achooo
Sweet dreams are made of ponies!
It's the simple things in life!
AFV's gone wild with Zootopia and so will you!  Check it out! And bring it home on Blu-ray & Digital HD & Disney Movies Anywhere June 7.
Trendy dad? That's a new one!
The most challenging game there ever was!
Bubbles aren't tennis balls, but they're close enough!
Whatever gets you through your Monday... or to first base!
What better way to end the weekend than with a bubble bath?  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.**  **  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
A quality role model in action!  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
Get in on the selfie madness!

When you have to start in the kiddie pool.  Tune in for tonight's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
Get silly this Sunday!  Tune in for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular tonight 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
This otter makes even veggies look good!
We're this excited for tonight's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC!  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
It's easy to get a little carried away.  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
Forget the fox! What does the rhino say?
Nothing wrong with an extra bit of confidence!   Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
What would we do without their sense of humor? #kids #nofilter  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
This is one weird looking tree!
Shopping while sleepy is just as bad as shopping while hungry!  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
Rock and roll never sleeps!  Tune in this Sunday for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular at 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
They got the father-daughter dance in the bag!  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
MAN... We're glad it's Friday!  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC!  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
That one person always knows how to push your buttons.  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.  Tonight's Finale will play at 7pm Eastern/Central, as usual. Due to the Billboard Awards, Pacific and Mountain time zones will likely experience an interruption. But, you don't want to miss this special show! Check your local listings and set your DVRs!
When you discover you're natural talented.
"Next time I want to be the baby."  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.
Snack time struggles!  Tune in this Sunday night for AFV's Grand Prize Spectacular, 7/6c on ABC.
We can't handle his dance moves! And neither can his belt!
Boing! #toocute #toofunny
Alfonso brings smiles to children at Shriners Hospitals. Laughter is great medicine!
"I want one!" #talkingdog
Superhero in training!
Check out "Zootopia's Funniest Videos" this Sunday on AFV, 7/6c on ABC. And bring home Disney's Zootopia on Blu-ray & Digital HD June 7.
When the day is going a lot slower than you think it should.
Taking advantage of the weather!
Happiness is an ice cream cone!
Cannonball?! #summer #swimming
Sometimes they just have to learn on their own. #puppyproblems
Can't win every battle! #starwars
Pandas and kids have a lot in common... no one wants to clean up!
When someone tries to talk to you during your favorite show.
Who can resist that face?
Looking good!
She speaks our language. #coffee #needyou
When you just want it to be summer sooooooo bad.
An intimate concert with your favorite band.
So good, he knocks himself out! #MomentsWithDad
If this doesn't make you feel old...
What do Vine and these cute babies have in common?  They're short and sweet! http://bit.ly/1TvIuzN
You aren't you when you're hangry.
Tomato. Tomahto. Either way you pronounce it, it's still not a grape.
At least you made it through Monday!
A cat's version of how the world looks. #catzilla
Technically, she's correct!
Ice ice baby.
I want to hold your hand!
"Don't let go, Jack!"
Even the cat knows that's a bad idea.
The chores aren't going to do themselves!
You only get to be wheelbarrow race champions with practice!
Workouts are better with a buddy!
The punishment will match the crime!
Every so often you have test the watch dog alarm system.
When your favorite song is also your ringtone. #jamming
When Hogwarts forgets to send your admittance letter.
Sometimes feelings are hard to explain. #notcranky
When your favorite movie gives you all the feels.
Some bad ideas can lead to pretty great laughs!
A home makeover of jurassic proportions! http://bit.ly/1rKPVZY
Everyone is more well behaved when they want something!
How about a chest bump to celebrate Saturday?
Mirror, mirror, on the wall - will someone take a fall?
Her table manners might even be better than ours!
We've got even more good news... It's almost the weekend!
It's time! Team AFV plays giant Jenga. #Facebooklive
When you think you're brave enough to try something new.
Everybody has a bad day!
When you just gotta beat the heat.
#tbt When we got our first smartphone. #whatsthisbutton
#tbt "Hey, I'm kind of fawned of you"
What's that on your face?
Even the simplest prank doesn't get old!
Living the birthday dream!
When someone's had too much sugar.
Love at first sight!
Hug me brother!
Weddings are the perfect place to break out those party tricks!
One handed or two?
Like Giant Jenga? Good! The AFV Team will be testing the limits of Jenga  this Friday at 12pm PST LIVE, right here on Facebook!
If only pinning the boutonniere was the biggest struggle of prom season!
"Hey! You're kind of cute!"
Who's the boss around here?
This race is too close to call!
When you no one tells you the plans have changed.
We all overestimate ourselves sometimes.
"Don't mind me, just hanging around!"
It's the thought that counts... Right?
When you just really don't want to talk about it.
What is this gravity?
When you can communicate with just a look. #bff
Hickory dickory dock, the cat is sick of the clock!
You otter know!
Gone fishing.
Going... Going... Gone!
Mondays would be better if we could wear PJs all day!
Sometimes the weekend can really wear you out!
Just when you've finally wised up, they change the game.
There's a reason it's called down dog!
Motherhood is many things... and funny is one of them! #HappyMothersDay
Sometimes you're too busy laughing to hit record. Thanks Nest Cam for catching Dad's freakout!   Tune in for a brand new AFV tonight at 7/6c on ABC.
If the kids can do it, how hard could it be?
Ta da! It's Sunday!
That sounded an awful lot like "oranges!"
Forget Uber!
Come on, just one bite!
Life in rewind might be even more funny!
Cuddling is a serious business!
The warm-up ritual is not to be messed with!
We get it from our mommas! #MothersDay
Kentucky Derby Champion in training!
Mothers and Grandmothers in the making! #top5 #lol #MothersDay
A lion's gotta play too!
There's an athlete inside us all... some are just better than others.
You'll never look at boxes the same!
Sometimes just telling them they have something on their face isn't enough!
A rub a dub dub, a dog in the tub!
Everyone sounds better singing in the shower!
She's got an answer for everything!
When you think they'll conk out on their own.
Even Captain America and Iron Man had to start somewhere! #superhero #CaptainAmerica
Who doesn't love a good cuddle?
That's a hard pass on bath time.
Maybe there is such a thing as too careful!
What's a celebration without a piñata? #CincodeMayo
Tug of war has never been so cute!
Tickle, tickle!
When no one else understands how you organize.
Embrace the Fourth. #MayTheFourthBeWithYou #StarWars
Is it possible to love a pair of shoes too much?
"Mom, we both know I look ridiculous!"
Time to just sit back and relax.
The best ship is friendship! #toocute
Fears can seem awfully silly once you overcome them. #cute #HeGotIt
When you wake up before your alarm with enough time to fall back asleep. #thelittlethings
Out of laziness comes genius! #smartypants
We wish we were this motivated on the treadmill.
Can never be too careful of cooties! #lol #aww
You don't get to be Twister Champion without a strategy!
It doesn't need to be summer to have a slip 'n slide!
There's a reason cats rule the Internet!
Now you're speaking his language!
Let's pop some watermelons! Now it's your turn, upload here: http://afv.com/upload
Bubble baths and baby laughs even make Mondays better!
Proof cats are geniuses! Now, if only they could to do our bills.
Sticky paws just can't help himself!
Sometimes it's better to have movie night at home. #lol #toocute
Who said you need a dance partner?
Catching up on some light reading this weekend!
Great minds think alike!
This cat has the right idea!
Tips for making friends.
Gotta have it!
That's a big fish!
You won't see these superstars in the summer Olympics!
It's nice to know you're appreciated! #brotherlylove
Faster, faster! #friendship
It's the small things in life. #cute #aww
So close!
Are you sure it's not a trick candle?
Family time at its finest!
So many furry friends!
Being a parent has its rewards!
Man's best friend has the situation under control!
Everybody needs a hug now and then!
We all could use a little help spring cleaning!
There's no such thing as too pampered!
Not everyone loves a winter wonderland!
The Beatles LOVE by Cirque du Soleil has evolved -  get ready for the 10th anniversary celebrations!   A truly innovative and unique production, LOVE has evolved for its 10th anniversary to present a more dynamic and immersive musical experience, captivating music and theatre fans worldwide. New acts, costumes, choreography, audio visual technology and remixed music has made the show brighter, bolder and bigger than ever!   There are limited tickets are available for LOVE's special 10th anniversary celebration performance on Thursday, July 14 at 8pm http://cirk.me/BEATLESLOVE10th  If you can't make the anniversary evening you can find tickets for all our shows here: http://gnikn.us/biggerbetterbolder
#BeatlesArchive Tittenhurst, 1969.   "It was just a photo session. I wasn't there thinking, 'Okay, this is the last photo session.'" - Ringo, from The Beatles Anthology.  See more images from the last photo shoot, here: http://gnikn.us/1eXRYnr  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd

#BeatlesArchive Help!/I'm Down single sleeve. Belgium, 1965.  "And now my life has changed in oh so many ways, My independence seems to vanish in the haze, But ev'ry now and then I feel so insecure, I know that I just need you like I've never done before..."  You can see more Beatles single sleeves from around the world, here: http://gnikn.us/1WXSq6P






Watch the first ever trailer for The Beatles: Eight Days A Week – The Touring Years.  Ron Howard's authorized and highly anticipated documentary feature film about The Beatles' phenomenal early career The Beatles: Eight Days A Week - The Touring Years is set for a global theatrical release date for September 16th.  The Beatles: Eight Days A Week - The Touring Years is based on the first part of The Beatles' career (1962-1966) – the period in which they toured and captured the world's acclaim.   The film will explore the band's inner workings – how they made decisions, created their music and built their collective career together – all the while, exploring The Beatles' extraordinary and unique musical gifts and their remarkable, complementary personalities.   It will focus on the time period from the early Beatles' journey in the days of The Cavern Club in Liverpool to their last concert at Candlestick Park in San Francisco in 1966.  Following an all-star world premiere in London on September 15th the film will be shown theatrically around the world and will stream exclusively in the US on Hulu.  VISIT THEBEATLESEIGHTDAYSAWEEK.COM TO WATCH THE TRAILER AND FIND OUT MORE.
Happy Father's Day!   Share the songs and playlist from Spotify's "All You Need Is Love" with Dad to spread the love #nowstreaming http://smarturl.it/thebeatleslove




Happy Birthday Paul!    #happybirthday Paul McCartney
Lady Madonna/The Inner Light single sleeve. USA, 1968.  #BeatlesArchive #TBT #ThrowbackThursday  You can explore Beatles single sleeves from around the world on our site: http://gnikn.us/1WXSq6P


On June 17 at 12:01am local time, The Beatles' award-winning LOVE album is available for streaming worldwide.  FIND A BEATLES STREAMING SERVICE AT http://gnikn.us/lovestreaming  The Beatles LOVE is the audio companion to the acclaimed stage production, The Beatles LOVE by Cirque du Soleil. To create the show's lush soundscape, producers Sir George Martin and Giles Martin worked at Abbey Road Studios with the entire archive of Beatles master recordings. This unique approach to assembling the music for a live show was rapturously received by critics and Beatles fans and resulted in the groundbreaking album garnering two GRAMMY Awards®.   A truly innovative and unique production, The Beatles LOVE by Cirque du Soleil has evolved for its 10th anniversary to present a more dynamic musical experience. New acts, costumes, choreography, audio visual technology and remixed music have made the experience of the LOVE show more immersive and exciting than ever.  Since LOVE's debut, more than 4,500 performances have been staged for a cumulative audience approaching eight million people. Tickets are on sale now for LOVE's special 10th anniversary celebration performance on Thursday, July 14 at 8pm.

We are pleased to share that through June 23, @MusiCares and @ebay are auctioning off an incredible experience with Paul.  The winner will meet Paul at an upcoming 2016 concert of their choice, attend sound-check and receive first-class airfare for two! All proceeds from this auction will benefit MusiCares, which provides a safety net of critical assistance for music people in times of need.  For more information and to enter: http://www.ebay.com/itm/MC-Soundcheck-Meet-Paul-McCartney-2-VIP-Tickets-Choice-of-Show-1st-Class-Air-/172235039385





#BeatlesArchive Royal Variety Performance, 1963.  "For our last number I'd like to ask your help. The people in the cheaper seats clap your hands, and the rest of you if you'd just rattle your jewellery. We'd like to sing a song called 'Twist And Shout'." - John.  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd

#OTD 1964, Friday: Three hundred thousand people welcome The Beatles to Adelaide, Australia.  "We were still close enough to our Liverpool roots to know how it would feel, and what it would mean, if we had showed up in the middle of town to see a group; so we could feel it in their spirit. (…) We came in from the airport - it was the same in Liverpool for the premiere of A Hard Day's Night, with the whole city centre full of people - and the crowds were lining the route and we were giving them the thumbs up. And then we went to the Adelaide town hall with the Lord Mayor there, and gave the thumbs up again. In Liverpool it was OK, because everyone understands the thumbs up - but in Australia it's a dirty sign." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd
#OTD 1967, Saturday - Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band reaches Number One in the UK's Record Retailer chart.  See our feature on the making of the LP cover: http://gnikn.us/peppershoot  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd
Come Together/Something single sleeve. Japan, 1969.   #TBT #ThrowbackThursday #BeatlesArchive   You can explore Beatles single sleeves from around the world on our site: http://gnikn.us/1WXSq6P


#BeatlesArchive 1966.  "Paul and I are very keen on this electronic music. You make it clinking a couple of glasses together, or with bleeps from the radio, then you loop the tape to repeat the noises at intervals. Some people build up whole symphonies from it. It would have been better than the background music we had for the last film. All those silly bands. Never again!" - John, from The Beatles Anthology.  http://gnikn.us/RevolverBeatles  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd





#OTD 1964, Friday (The Netherlands). Afternoon: Interview at Doelen Hotel. Evening: Concert in Amsterdam.   Ringo is ill. Jimmy Nicol takes his place on drums.  Interviewer: "Could I have your autograph, please?" (… noticing Paul signing with his left hand) "You're a left-handed guitar player too?" Paul: "Yes... Actually, it's done by mirrors." Int: "By mirrors?" Paul: "If you watch me in that mirror, I'm right-handed." Int: "You're right-handed..." Paul: "It's amazing, really." Int: (to Jimmy Nicol) "How does it feel to travel with royalty?" Jimmy: (chuckling) "Marvelous. Yeah, very good." Int: "Had you expected a reception like that?" Jimmy: "I haven't seen anything like that before." Int: "Are you going on with the Beatles to the Far East?" Jimmy: "It's not settled yet." Int: "Depends on Ringo's health." Jimmy: "Yeah. It depends on whether he makes it."  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd


#BeatlesArchive 1964. Making A Hard Day's Night at Twickenham Studios.   Watch Richard Lester (Director) talking about The Beatles in 1964 and what it was like to make the film: http://gnikn.us/LesterBFI  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd


"I maintain that the Beatles weren't the leaders of the generation but the spokesmen." - Paul  #OTD 1967, Thursday: Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (LP) is released in the UK.  http://gnikn.us/1b75IJF  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd


#OTD 1968, Thursday, the band were recording "Revolution" (working title of "Revolution 1") in Studio 2, Abbey Road.   Which is your favourite version of 'Revolution'?  "#TheBeatles released two distinct arrangements of "Revolution" in 1968: a hard rock version as the B-side of the single "Hey Jude", and a slower version titled "Revolution 1" on the eponymous album The Beatles (commonly called the "White Album"). Although "Revolution" was released first, it was recorded several weeks after "Revolution 1" as a re-make specifically designed to be released as a single. A third connected piece written by Lennon is the experimental "Revolution 9", which evolved from an unused portion of "Revolution 1", and also appears on the White Album.


#BeatlesArchive 1965.  http://gnikn.us/21SBmQB  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd

Congratulations to the brilliant team behind The Beatles 1 video collection - winners at the FOCAL International Awards today

#BeatlesArchive 1963.   "As a band, we were tight. That was one thing to be said about us; we were really tight, as friends. We could argue a lot among ourselves, but we were very, very close to each other, and in the company of other people or other situations we'd always stick together." - George, from The Beatles Anthology.  http://gnikn.us/earlc  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd




#OTD 1969, Saturday, Get Back was Number One for the first week in the Billboard charts.  http://gnikn.us/GetBack1s

#OTD in 1965, a Saturday, Ticket To Ride was Number One for the first and last week on the Billboard charts.  "'Ticket To Ride' was slightly a new sound at the time. It was pretty heavy for then, if you go and look in in the charts for what other music people were making. You near it now and it doesn't sound too bad; but it'd make me cringe. If you find me the A track and I remix it, I'll show you what it is really, but you can hear it there. It's a heavy record and the drums are heavy too. That's why I like it." - John, from The Beatles Anthology.  This image is the Ticket To Ride/Yes It Is single sleeve. Japan, 1965. View more Beatles single sleeves at http://gnikn.us/1WXSq6P

#OTD 1966, Friday: Shooting clips for `Paperback Writer'/`Rain' at Chiswick House, London.  "The mania made it pretty difficult to get around, and out of convenience we decided we were not going to go into the TV studios to promote our records so much because it was too much of a hassle. We thought we'd go and make our own little films and put them on TV.   So we started getting a film crew and shooting. There are a number of those films. I think the first proper ones we did were 'Paperback Writer' and 'Rain' in Chiswick House. They were the forerunner of videos." - George, from The Beatles Anthology.  http://gnikn.us/EarlyMusicVideos
#OTD 1970, Monday.  http://gnikn.us/LetItBeFilm

#OTD 1963, Friday: Photo session with Dezo Hoffman at his Wardour Street studios in London.   "In those days, you'd turn up at a session and the photographer would normally have an idea. In the very early days Dezo Hoffman asked us to put glasses on. I said, 'I don't wear glasses, Dezo.' He said, 'Yeah, but I'll be able to sell these to eyeglass magazines all over the world.' We were getting all these little clues of how it was done. So we were used to photographers giving us bizarre ideas; sometimes we'd ask why we should do it, and they'd say, 'It'll be OK,' and we'd agree." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.  http://gnikn.us/ExploreBeatles  Photos © Apple Corps Ltd

#OTD 1966. Monday, 2.30pm-1.30am:  Recording `Taxman' (overdub onto take 12). Studio 2. Abbey Road.   "At that time it was hard to bring your own songs in when you had Lennon and McCartney. It used to be a bit of a joke, really - I would bring in the songs I'd written and they'd all be rolling on the floor laughing because I'd rewritten an old standard again. I was great at rewriting Jerry Lee Lewis songs. It was me getting my craft together.       At first George went through the same problems presenting his songs that I went through. But that didn't last long, and then he started coming up with great songs. 'Taxman' was great - it's not a bad opening act for Revolver, is it?" - Ringo, from The Beatles Anthology.  http://gnikn.us/1IBGLBs
Our thoughts are with the family and friends of Tony Barrow, who passed away at the weekend.  Tony was The Beatles' first press officer and he played an invaluable role in their early career. At a time when the band had a schedule of uninterrupted touring and countless appearances, Tony managed the ceaseless press activity.   He also fulfilled a multitude of other jobs, from writing album sleeve notes to editing the Magical Mystery Tour strip cartoon book.  With love from all at Apple.
#OTD 1969, Tuesday: Photographic session with Angus McBean at EMI headquarters, Manchester Square, London.  "Right up to and even through the psychedelic period, EMI was like the Civil Service. They did train all their engineers properly. They would start on tape copies, and then would become tape operators, and then assist with demo sessions, and only after they had been through all the different departments, they might be allowed to engineer a demo session, before finally becoming an engineer. Or, if suddenly there was no engineer available, a trainee might get his big break. They trained them well, but to still have to go into work in a suit and tie in 1967 was a bit silly." - George, from The Beatles Anthology  http://gnikn.us/1TxYxcL  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd
Strawberry Fields Forever/Penny Lane single sleeve. Germany, 1967.  http://gnikn.us/ExploreBeatles  #TBT #ThrowbackThursday #BeatlesArchive


#BeatlesArchive 1964  http://gnikn.us/1J2tuUK

#OTD 1970, Friday: Let It Be (album) was released in the UK.   The album reached no.1 for a three week stay during its 59 weeks in the charts. In the US, the album enjoyed a four week stay at no.1 during an initial chart life of 55 weeks.  "Forget about all your MBEs and recording careers and all this sort of stuff; it was really down  to being a good band. I'd hoped that by playing like this in live performance, it would get us all to realise that maybe we didn't need all the highfalutin stuff. We could just keep playing and everything would sort itself out." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.
#BeatlesArchive Raymond Revue Bar. London, 1967. During the shooting of Magical Mystery Tour.  "Was it really as bad as that? It wasn't the worst programme over Christmas. I mean, you couldn't call The Queen's Speech a gas, either, could you?" - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.  You can read about Magical Mystery Tour, here: http://gnikn.us/MMTFilm  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd
#OTD 1966, Friday: Vocal overdubbing for I'm Only Sleeping. Studio 2, Abbey Road.  "We were really starting to find ourselves in the studio. We were finding what we could do, just being the four of us and playing our instruments. The overdubbing got better, even though it was always pretty tricky because of the lack of tracks. The songs got more interesting, so with that the effects got more interesting." - Ringo, from The Beatles Anthology.
Come Together/Something single sleeve. Italy, 1969.  http://gnikn.us/ExploreBeatles  #TBT #ThrowbackThursday #BeatlesArchive


#OTD 1967, Wednesday: Trumpets were overdubbed onto Magical Mystery Tour in Studio 3, Abbey Road.  The four tuxedos worn in the film by the band on Your Mother Should Know cost £381. The bus cost £40 per day. The stuffed Jersey cow cost £6 for the week and the Raymond Revue bar cost £150 to hire. The musicians for this overdub apparently cost £30 - £15 for their basic fee and another £15 because the session ran to overtime.

#OTD 1965, Saturday: Beatles For Sale reaches Number One in the UK (Record Retailer chart).  "We got more and more free to get into ourselves. Our student selves rather than 'we must please the girls and make money', which is all that 'From Me To You', 'Thank You Girl', 'PS I Love You' is about. 'Baby's In Black' we did because we liked waltz-time (...) And I think also John and I wanted to do something bluesy, a bit darker, more grown-up, rather than just straight pop. It was more 'baby's in black' as in mourning. Our favourite colour was black, as well." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.
I Want To Hold Your Hand - Performed Live On The Ed Sullivan Show 2/9/64 - Can Now Be Watched In Full On Vevo.  'I Want to Hold Your Hand' was the first Beatles' record to top both the UK and the US charts. It was also their first to be recorded on a 4-track, as opposed to the usual 2-track, tape machine. The Beatles had the song well rehearsed when they made the first of 17 takes on October 17th 1963.   Following The Beatles' historic appearance on The Ed Sullivan show on February 9th, the single – already at No.1 in the charts – gained further momentum. They taped a performance of the song earlier in the day of their live appearance and it was shown on the Sullivan show of February 23rd, which helped maintain the song's popularity. This avalanche of publicity, engineered by Brian Epstein, helped the single to stay at the top for seven weeks, which made it the longest-running No.1 of their career to date (until 'Hey Jude').  The Beatles Now Streaming. Listen to the Come Together Playlist here: http://smarturl.it/BeatlesCT Download 1+ http://smarturl.it/Beatles1  Buy 1+ http://smarturl.it/Beatles1s
No Reply/Eight Days A Week single sleeve. Japan, 1965.  http://gnikn.us/ExploreBeatles  #TBT #ThrowbackThursday #BeatlesArchive
Real Love can now be watched in full on Vevo.  'Real Love' was released to coincide with Anthology 2. Geoff Wonfor and Kevin Godley, who was a member of 10cc and later became one of the UK's leading pop-promo makers, directed the accompanying video.   Wonfor, the director of the Anthology documentary series, filmed the Beatles recording in the studio and Godley combined this with archive footage of the band, adding some animated sequences as well as film he shot in 1995. This clip appeared in the special features section of The Beatles Anthology boxed set when it was released on DVD on 2003.  The Beatles Now Streaming. Listen to the Come Together Playlist here: http://smarturl.it/BeatlesCT Download Anthology: http://smarturl.it/AnthologyBeatles Buy Anthology: http://smarturl.it/AnthologyPhys

#OTD 1966, Tuesday: The Beatles work uninterrupted for more than 12 hours, re-making And Your Bird Can Sing in Studio 2, Abbey Road.  What's your favourite song on Revolver?
Twist & Shout - Performed Live On The Ed Sullivan Show 2/23/64 - Can Now Be Watched In Full On Vevo.   For the many who witnessed The Beatles' early appearances on British television, this song is synonymous with those exciting era–defining times. The power of the band's performances and the recording owes so much to John's searing vocal. For their debut album, John recorded his vocal in one take at the end of a marathon recording session on February 11th 1963.   In July 1963, 'Twist And Shout' became the title track of the band's first EP to be released in the UK. According to the advert on the front of New Musical Express, it was "The record you've been asking for". A week after Twist And Shout was released it made the EP best-seller list and a week after that topped the same chart staying there for ten weeks. This clip was videotaped in the middle of a six-night run at the Odeon Cinema in Llandudno, North Wales.  The Beatles Now Streaming. Listen to the Come Together Playlist here: http://smarturl.it/BeatlesCT Download 1+ http://smarturl.it/Beatles1  Buy 1+ http://smarturl.it/Beatles1s
#BeatlesArchive Savile Row, London. 1969.   "Twickenham Studio was very cold and not a very nice atmosphere so we decided to abandon that and go up to Saville Row into the recording studio" - George.  More about the making of Let It Be, here: http://gnikn.us/203veUy  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd
The Ballad of John and Yoko/Old Brown Show single sleeve. USA, 1969.  http://gnikn.us/ExploreBeatles  #ThrowbackThursday #TBT #BeatlesArchive


In the closing podcast of this three-part series - Mark Ellen and Kevin Howlett discuss the last of the three Anthology collections of rare and previously unreleased Beatles studio outtakes and alternate versions.  You can find your local Anthology streaming partner at thebeatles.com #thebeatlesanthology
#BeatlesArchive 1968. The Mad Day Out.  "We were just hanging out. Just another day in the park for the Beatle boys." - Ringo, from The Beatles Anthology.  You can see more photos and read about The Mad Day Out, here: http://gnikn.us/1PZbDnd  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.
Mark Ellen and Kevin Howlett discuss the Beatles Anthology, which is now available for streaming worldwide.  This chapter covers the first of the three Anthology collections of rare and previously unreleased Beatles studio outtakes and alternate versions.   You can find your local streaming partner at thebeatles.com  https://soundcloud.com/thebeatles/the-beatles-anthology-podcast-with-mark-ellen-and-kevin-howlett  #thebeatlesanthology
#OTD 1967, Monday. 'Within You Without You' is recorded.  Studio 1. Abbey Road.  "['Within You Without You' is] one of George's best songs. One of my favourites of his, too. He's clear on that song. His mind and his music are clear. There is his innate talent; he brought that sound together." - John, from The Beatles Anthology.
The Beatles Anthology.  Streaming now.  Find your local streaming partner at thebeatles.com: https://TheBeatles.lnk.to/Site  On April 4 at 12:01am local time, The Beatles' acclaimed Anthology, Volumes 1-3 music collections are available for streaming worldwide.  Anthology's three chronological collections of rare and previously unreleased Beatles recordings include studio outtakes and alternate versions.   The "Free as a Bird" and "Real Love" singles, from Anthology, Volume 1 and Anthology, Volume 2, respectively, were completed in 1995 by George Harrison, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr from 1977 demos recorded by John Lennon.  Upon their original release, Anthology, Volumes 1-3 topped charts and went multi-platinum in several countries around the world. "Free as a Bird" became The Beatles' 34th Top 10 hit in the U.S., winning the 1996 GRAMMY® Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. Anthology, Volume 3 includes "A Beginning," an instrumental orchestral arrangement originally recorded for The Beatles (The White Album).
#OTD 1964, Thursday. 'Can't Buy Me Love' is Number One in Britain.   "I thought that we really needed a tag for the song's ending, and a tag for the beginning; a kind of intro. So I took the first few lines of the chorus and changed the ending, and said, 'Let's just have these lines, and by altering the end of the second phrase we can get back into the verse pretty quickly.' And they said, 'That's not a bad idea, we'll do it that way.'  - George Martin, from The Beatles Anthology.

#OTD 1967, Friday. Mono mixing 'With A Little Help From My Friends'. Studio 2. Abbey Road.  "The song 'With A Little Help From My Friends' was written specifically for me, but they had one line that I wouldn't sing. it was: 'What would you do if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and throw tomatoes at me?' I said, 'There's not a chance in hell am I going to sing this line,' because we still had lots of really deep memories  of the kids throwing jelly beans and toys on stage; and I thought that if we ever did get out there again, I was not going to be bombarded with tomatoes."  - Ringo, from The Beatles Anthology.

"I was in a studio last night with a bass in my hand, thinking, 'What would George do?' Every day you go in a studio, what he did with the Beatles is hanging over you as a barometer of trying to make a good song an extraordinary one." - Mark Ronson

#BeatlesArchive #BeatlesForSale 1964.   "Musically we were learning a lot. You know, this is where we learned a lot of the music putting together - some of the arrangements and things, you know." - Paul.   Read more about the making of Beatles For Sale, here: http://gnikn.us/BeatlesForSale  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.
#OTD 1970, Thursday. Stereo mixing 'The Long And Winding Road' (remix 1). Studio 4, Abbey Road.
#BeatlesArchive Tittenhurst, 1969. 'The Last Photo Session'.  You can see more images from that day, here: http://gnikn.us/1eXRYnr  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.
#OTD 1964, Monday. In His Own Write is published.   "I like writing books. I got a big kick out of the first one. There was a literary lunch to which I was invited and at which I couldn't thick of anything to say - I was scared stiff, that's why I didn't.  I got as big a kick out of seeing that book up there in the writing world's Top Ten as I do when The Beatles get a Number One record. And the reason is that it's part of a different world."  - John, from The Beatles Anthology.  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.

#OTD 1963, Friday. Please Please Me (album) is released in the UK.   "Oh god this is it, a piece of plastic. And this piece of plastic was like gold, you know. You'd sell your soul. You would sell your soul to get on that little record." - Ringo.


#OTD 1964, George interviews Paul for the BBC program Public Ear during the filming of A Hard Day's Night.  Paul: "Well, yes. Dick Lester's directing the film... err, what's ya name? George?"  George: "George, yeah. BBC! I'm from the BBC, you see. Public Ear."  Paul: "Anyway, his name is Dick Lester. He's a good fella. He's BALD, but don't hold that against him. He's one of the nicest fellas I've met, and he's a great director. I think he's gonna save the film in the cutting rooms. Great fella, he is."  George: "What do you mean, 'He's gonna save it in the cutting rooms?' What exactly do you mean by that, Paul?"  Paul: (laughing) "Well, you see, George, erm... The acting may not be very good, but if he can cut it up, and slice it around, and slop bits in here and slop bits in there, he may make it into a good film, you see."  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.
"Something inside that was always denied for so many years."  #OTD 1967, Friday. 7.00pm-12.45am. Recording orchestral score for `She's Leaving Home' (takes 1-6). Studio 2. Abbey Road.  "I think Pepper did represent what the young people were on about, and it seemed to coincide with the revolution in young people's thinking. It was the epitome of the Swinging Sixties. It linked up with Mary Quant and miniskirts and all those things - the freedom of sex, the freedom of soft drugs like marijuana and so on." - George Martin, from The Beatles Anthology.
"While we'd really tried to get involved and learn the script for A Hard Day's Night, by the time Help! came along we were taking it as a bit of a joke. I'm not sure anyone ever knew the script, I think we used to learn it on the way to the set." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.
"When I joined EMI," he told The New York Times in 2003, "the criterion by which recordings were judged was their faithfulness to the original. If you made a recording that was so good that you couldn't tell the difference between the recording and the actual performance, that was the acme. And I questioned that. I thought, O.K., we're all taking photographs of an existing event. But we don't have to make a photograph; we can paint. And that prompted me to experiment."
"You can share your George Martin tributes by clicking on the blue "contribute" buttons on this article. You can also use the GuardianWitness smartphone app or the Guardian app and search for "GuardianWitness assignments. (...) We will publish the most interesting responses on the The Guardian site."
""He helped us to develop a language" - John.


In answer to Saturday's question: The country other than West Germany that Komm, Gib Mir Deine Hand and Sie Liebt Dich were released in was USA. - Well done if you guessed correctly!
#OTD 1965, Eight Days A Week reaches number 1 for the first week (Billboard charts).  "I remember writing that with John, at his place in Weybridge, from something said by the chauffeur who drove me out there. John had moved out of London, to the suburbs. I usually drove myself there, but the chauffeur drove me out that day and I said, 'How've you been?' - 'Oh, working hard,' he said, 'working eight days a week.' I had never heard anyone use that expression, so when I arrived at John's house I said, 'Hey, this fella just said, "eight days a week".' John said, 'Right - "Oooh, I need your love, babe…" ' and we wrote it. We were always quick to write. We would write on the spot. I would show up, looking for some sort of inspiration; I'd either get it there, with John, or I'd hear someone say something." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.
#OTD 1964, whilst the band are shooting the hotel room sequences for A Hard Day's Night, George Martin is at Abbey Road, working on the stereo mixes for 'Komm, Gib Mir Deine Hand' and 'Sie Liebt Dich' for release in West Germany and one other country. Do you know which one?
"By the time of Rubber Soul they were ready for new musical directions. In the early days they were very influenced by American rhythm-and-blues. I think that the so-called 'Beatles sound' had something to do with Liverpoool being a port. Maybe they heard the records before we did. They certainly knew much more about Motown and black music than anybody else did, and that was a tremendous influence on them.   And then, as time went on, other influences became apparent: classical influences and modern music. That was from 1965 and beyond." - George Martin, from The Beatles Anthology.  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.



Tribute to George Martin  9 March, at 10pm on BBC Four.  From The BBC: To celebrate the life and work of legendary record producer Sir George Martin, who died today 9 March 2016, we take a look back at our 2011 feature-length profile 'Produced by George Martin' (directed by Francis Hanly).  Sir George Martin with Michael Palin This archive rich and intimate portrait follows Sir George at 85 discussing his life and times, with his wife Judy and son Giles, Sir Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Michael Palin, and Howard Goodall, and includes interviews with other illustrious contributors.  Arena: Produced by George Martin will be repeated tonight, 9 March, at 10pm on BBC Four.






We were sad to hear the news of Sir George Martin's passing. Our love and thoughts are with his family today.  It is impossible to overstate the significance of George's contribution to the Beatles' music and the strength of his relationship with the band. He was a member of the family. We will always miss and remember him with admiration and love.  "If anyone earned the title of the fifth Beatle it was George" - Paul



#OTD 1970, The Beatles release `Let It Be'/`You Know My Name (Look up the Number)' in the UK. It's their last single to be released whilst they are still a band.  Paul has said that you can make what you want of the lyrics. What do the words of Let It Be mean to you?
#OTD 1966, "Yesterday" was released as an EP in the UK, followed by "Act Naturally" on the A-side. "You Like Me Too Much" and "It's Only Love" were on the B-side.  "It was my most successful song. It's amazing that it just came to me in a dream. That's why I don't profess to know anything; I think music is all very mystical. You hear people saying, 'I'm a vehicle; it just passes through me.' Well, you're dead lucky if something like that passes through you." - Paul, from The Beatles Anthology.
#OTD 1964. Filming for A Hard Day's Night begins with the band running from hoards of screaming fans at Marylebone Station, London, for the shooting of the film's iconic opening sequence (which you can see in the trailer, here.)  "The train bit embarrasses us now. I'm sure it's less noticeable to people watching in the cinema, but we know that we're dead conscious in every move we make, we watch each other. Paul's embarrassed when I'm watching him speak and he knows I am. You can see the nervous bits normally in pictures: things like the end - you make that on one day, and on the next day you do the beginning. But we did it almost in sequence. The first [scene] we did was the train, which we were all dead nervous in. Practically the whole of the train bit we were going to pieces." - John, from The Beatles Anthology.


From 1967, filming 'Aunt Jessie's Dream' for Magical Mystery Tour.   Explore many more photographs from the #beatlesarchive on our website: http://gnikn.us/ExploreBeatles
#OTD, Saturday, 1965. Beatles For Sale is Number 1 in the UK (Record Retailer Chart).   "Our records were progressing. We'd started out like anyone spending their first time in a studio - nervous and naive and looking for success. By this time we'd had loads of hits and a few tours and were becoming more relaxed with ourselves, and more comfortable in the studio. And the music was getting better." - George, from The Beatles Anthology.   Which is your favourite track from the album, and why?
George Fest: A Night To Celebrate The Music of George Harrison is available today! Featuring Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys, Dhani Harrison, Norah Jones, Brandon Flowers of The Killers, The Flaming Lips, Conan O'Brien, Ben Harper and more, George Fest is a wonderful live tribute to the life of George.  Get the live album and concert-film on Amazon Music.  Blu-ray/CD: http://smarturl.it/GeorgeFestBlu DVD/CD: http://smarturl.it/GeorgeFestDVD



What is your favourite memory of George? To celebrate George's birthday, share your memories, photos and videos with the tag #ThankYouGeorge

Happy Birthday, George.
#OTD 1965, Wednesday. The band start shooting scenes for Help! in the Bahamas.   "The problem was that we went to the Bahamas to film all the hot scenes, and it was freezing. We had to ride around and run around in shirts and trousers, and it was absolutely bloody cold." - Ringo, from The Beatles Anthology.  Photo © Apple Corps Ltd.
Millions of seniors, disabled veterans and people with disabilities are falling further and further behind on $10,000 or $11,000 a year Social Security. It is time to expand Social Security, not cut it.
Eric Kingson has led the fight to protect and expand Social Security. He even had the courage to challenge the president when he considered cuts years ago. His election is in just a few days. Help make calls to get this progressive elected in New York!

This is the energy we need to transform the Democratic Party, take on special interests and transform our country.
The Political Revolution Continues
Health care is a right, not a privilege.
One year ago, one of the biggest crowds we had gotten showed up in Denver to hear Bernie Sanders tell them they were sending a message to the billionaire class that "You can't have it all. This is our country too."  All these ideas, would continue to resonate with the American people. Little did we know, they would resonate so fast.
This is YOUR movement.
In many inner cities, kids now stand a greater chance of ending up in jail than ending up with a college degree. That's gotta end.
These proposals are commonsense. It is incomprehensible as to why Republicans would oppose them. It's not very hard to understand that potential terrorists, criminals and the dangerously mentally ill should not have access to guns. #DisarmHate
But in order for government to work efficiently and effectively, we need to attract great and dedicated people from all walks of life. We need people who are dedicated to public service and can provide the services we need in a high quality and efficient way: BernieSanders.com/RunForOffice
Corporate greed needs to end. They're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans.
Election days come and go. But political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end. They continue every day, every week and every month in the fight to create a nation of social and economic justice. That's what this campaign has been about over the past year. That's what the political revolution is about and that's why the political revolution must continue into the future.
At a time when women workers earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.
Real change never takes place from the top down, or in the living rooms of wealthy campaign contributors. It always occurs from the bottom on up – when tens of millions of people say "enough is enough" and become engaged in the fight for justice. That's what the political revolution we helped start is all about. That's why the political revolution must continue.
We must resist all efforts to cut Social Security and, in fact, expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.
State and local governments make enormously important decisions and we cannot allow right-wing Republicans to increasingly control them.
This campaign was built by hundreds of thousands of volunteers—including the thousands of you who made the enormous distributed volunteer network function through over a dozen important volunteer teams. You all have been the backbone of this campaign and this movement, and we're excited to hear what you think about our next steps, and also improve on some of the innovative volunteer systems that have gotten us this far—because there is a LOT of work left to do.
The major political task that we face in the next five months is to make certain that Donald Trump is defeated and defeated badly. And I personally intend to begin my role in that process in a very short period of time.
Javier Baez is the man for this one. SO CLOSE.
The Chicago Bulls just made Denzel Valentine's lifelong dream come true.
Marquess Chriss has been traded to the Phoenix Suns.
It's NBA Draft time. Join Rip Hamilton and Raja Bell for instant analysis of every pick.  Comment with your questions to have them answered by our #squad.
You KNOW Denzel will be ready for his Training Day with the Chicago Bulls.
MAJOR MOVES going down at the draft.
Thon Maker, in surprising fashion, will be heading to the Milwaukee Bucks.
The Chicago Bulls just got a gamer.
WHOA.
Those are just the breaks sometimes, Rookie.
Bill Belichick will always be.. Bill Belichick.
Jamal Murray will be heading to the Denver Nuggets.
The Toronto Raptors get a big man with the 9th pick.
Toronto Raptors just got some serious size out of Austria.
The Minnesota Timberwolves pick up some more young talent in Kris Dunn.
Buddy Hield will be joining the New Orleans Pelicans.
Dragan Bender will be heading to the Phoenix Suns.
Nothing like barbershop talk to get to know someone.   And Anthony Davis' new teammate is no exception.
The Denver Nuggets just got a guy who gets BUCKETS.
The Boston Celtics turned some heads at No. 3.
The Brow has a new Buddy.  Say hello, New Orleans Pelicans fans.
Should the Pirates consider trading Andrew McCutchen?
The Boston Celtics will keep their No. 3 pick
Thibs got his man.  The Minnesota Timberwolves watched Kris Dunn fall right into their laps.
He's much more than an AWESOME name.  The Phoenix Suns just got size and talent in Dragan Bender.
Sam Vecenie will be grading each pick in this NBA Draft.
Ben Simmons knows what's expected of him.
Brandon Ingram will be a member of the LA Lakers.
The LA Lakers may have just drafted their next superstar.
The LA Lakers are bringing Brandon Ingram to Hollywood.
Ben Simmons is headed to the Philadelphia 76ers.
Philly just got a boatload of talent with the No. 1 overall pick.
With the first pick in the draft, the Philadelphia 76ers took a phenom.
It's NBA Draft time. Join our experts for instant analysis of every pick.  Comment with your questions to have them answered by our #squad.
The Sacramento Kings get a first round pick for Belinelli.
LeBron James doesn't appear to be ballin' for USA Basketball this time around.
Some New York Jets just don't wanna talk about it, alright??!?!?! sheesh.
Passion and focus allowed Henry Ellenson to #DreamFearlessly. Tonight, his basketball dreams become a reality at the NBA Draft with American Family Insurance.
Not ideal.
The Dallas Mavericks have some key players on their radar.
Joe Flacco addresses the rumors.
Neyland Stadium was home to one of Baker Mayfield's favorite games.
James Shields has a had a rough month.
Could Dwight Howard be heading to the New York Knicks?
The Boston Celtics and Milwaukee Bucks might have a huge trade in the works.
Indianapolis Colts QB  Andrew Luck makes ZERO excuses.
The Oklahoma City Thunder don't need Serge Ibaka.
James Harden wants a reunion with Kevin Durant...in Houston.
Showtime Shawn Porter is ready for his chance.
Keith "One Time" Thurman tells his story.
Antonio Brown has ditched Big Ben!!!
The NBA draft is almost upon us!
The Colorado Rockies experiment with Jose Reyes didn't go as planned.
New York Giants 1st-round pick Eli Apple has his mom drop him off at practice.
Tiger Woods wasn't always cool and calm.
Not a good look for University of Miami football.
Oh what could have been.
The Brooklyn Nets and Indiana Pacers have made a move.
The Carolina Panthers GM admitted that money is a big factor.
Don't mess with Baltimore Ravens WR Steve Smith.
Just a little friendly Brazilian banter.
Leicester City Football Club are keeping Jamie Vardy.
Could Kevin Durant be on his way to the New York Knicks?
SMH.
Come on man, the Golden State Warriors lost.
The Philadelphia 76ers are making some serious moves.
Metta World Peace is just trying to help out.
This is different and awesome.
Dwayne The Rock Johnson almost made some SERIOUS waves.
It's a fun time in the NHL.
Chicago Blackhawks star Patrick Kane loves Batman.
Derek Jeter is still the man.
The Carolina Panthers have all the faith in the world in Cam Newton.
The Olympic squad is starting to shape up.
LSU Football has a rich history.
LeBron James crushed the Cleveland Cavaliers parade.
How bout these fresh uniforms?
Denver Broncos fans have seen it all.
Los Angeles Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw should be the NL's guy.
A lot of golfers are pulling out of Rio.
The date is set for CM Punk.
Paul George, welcome to the squad.
The Los Angeles Dodgers win in very weird fashion.
The Florida Panthers just made a sizable investment.
"I've got it!   .......or maybe you've got it. Yep, you've got it."
Maybe this is what happens when halftime is 2 hours long...
A championship rematch and an opening round rematch will cap off the Copa América Centenario 2016.
The Chicago Blackhawks star has made MVP history.
The final round is set. REMATCH.
The Classic has a home for 2016.
June has been GOOD to Cleveland, and today was no exception.
Bulls bros 4 ever
Bryce Harper knows a legend when he sees one.
More hardware getting handed out in the NHL.
Malik Beasley isn't afraid of failure. The NBA hopeful and American Family Insurance are proud to #DreamFearlessly.
Quite a scene in Cleveland.
The injured Minnesota Twins hurler isn't taking his missed time lightly.
Adrian Peterson says the annual offseason grind might play into his decision one day.
Keep this handy on draft night.
Deyonta Davis won't let anything come between him and his dream. Davis and American Family Insurance are ready to #DreamFearlessly.
Oh, Marlins.........
Sounds like Al Horford is still in the Atlanta Hawks' plans.
"Derrick Rose bid farewell to his teammates, looked fondly out at the Windy City, then landed in the Big Apple."
The UEFA EURO 2016 bracket is set for the Round of 16.
Change has come to these NBA squads.
Well, that's one way to end an interview...
"I'm nothing without all of y'all."
The NBA season is over. But between the big trade and the draft, there is PLENTY to talk about.
This sounds like a blockbuster, but really, it's just a calculated move for both sides.
Henry Ellenson already knows what y'all haters are thinking about his sick trick shot video.
Ever wonder what would happen if Golf and Rugby had a baby? No? Me either. But it's REAL.
Jamal Murray over Buddy Hield??
Noah Syndergaard was pulled early due to an elbow injury.
A closer look at the Derrick Rose to New York Knicks trade.
Hey Vegas, you should get your welcome party for the NHL ready for the 2017-2018 season.
Brice Johnson is trying to look NICE for the Draft.
Peyton Manning is simply a hard act to follow.
If college football had a NBA type logo... How would it look? Hmmm..
UH OH! Derrick Rose to the New York Knicks???
This announcer was HYPE.
Welcome to the New York Knicks, Derrick Rose. The Chicago Bulls acquire Robin Lopez, Jerian Grant and Jose Calderon.
Find out when and how to watch the 2016 Quicken Loans National on television and streaming online.
Eric Bledsoe may be on the move.
Michael Phelps will be aiming to add to his Olympic-record medal total.
Jeff Teague will be heading to the Indiana Pacers.
Thomas could emerge as a star.
Three teams advance from the group in the end, but Portugal didn't secure a top two finish.
Karlos Dansby says some members of the Browns quit last year.
What was expected to be a 50-50 split of the costs is looking more like an 80-20 split.
The statement from the conference is a follow-up to a request made to Baylor by Big 12 Board.
Construction on U.S. Bank Stadium wrapped up earlier this month.
Picking a starter is going to be TOUGH.
Manu Ginobili may return to the San Antonio Spurs.
The Miami Marlins could turn it on this season.
The pressure is on Portugal and Sweden.
Cristiano Ronaldo wasn't too happy.
Cristiano Ronaldo is GOOD.
Thurman vs Porter may be the fight that boxing needs.
Shooters are a hot commodity for NBA teams.
Serena Williams looks to defend her 2015 Wimbledon title.
BUSTED!
Kevin Durant has NO mercy for these children.
Johnny Manziel has had a rough couple of months.
Missing the playoffs 3 straight seasons will have ANYONE on the heat seat.
LeBron James isn't going anywhere.
Dragan Bender getting a fresh look before the Draft.
Cam Robinson and Hootie Jones will have to deal with the consequences.
"What's a shirt?" JR Smith is the best JR Smith there is.
Ingram to the LA Lakers???
Ben Simmons worked his way to being the No. 1 pick.
Pretty sure JR Smith hasn't worn a shirt since the Cleveland Cavaliers won... Rightfully so.
LeBron James will be staying home, folks.
Al Horford will have a hard decision ahead of him with so many options.
Choosing Alabama Football's Mt. Rushmore was an easy feat.
The two teams battle on Wednesday with everything on the line.
Zeke can put the credit card away because Dez is willing to pay for his own dinners.
Sometimes people do some strange things.
Cleveland Indians may be trying to keep the momentum going from the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Tiger Woods is being patient with his recovery.
Maybe he wanted to take it for a swim? Have to hear both sides.
The U.S. Open at Oakmont got messy on Sunday and there's a way for it to not happen again.
The New York Mets are in some hot water with Tom Seaver's wife.
D'Angelo Russell could remain a member of the LA Lakers.
Well... that's pretty embarrassing.
The IOC upholds the track and field ban and adds stipulations for other athletes.
Leisl Tesch had her bicycle stolen by an armed man.
Beer Pong with the Cleveland Cavaliers is legendary.
Can Elvis Dumervil and Terrell Suggs return to the top of the sacks leaderboard?
Rory McIlroy will not be participating in the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Teams have some big decisions to make in the 2016 NBA Draft.
The Cleveland Cavaliers will be celebrating their NBA Championship.
Gordon Hayward may not be on the move
Chandler Parsons opts out and will become a free agent.
The former Dallas Cowboys RB is facing more problems.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are pulling out all the stops.
The Washington Redskins have an interesting history.
Stephen Curry is now... LeBron?
If LeBron James wants to do some more trolling at the parade, this might work.
Brandon Belt had a pretty good sense of humor after being struck out by a catcher.
There just weren't a ton of bright spots against Argentina.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are champions.  And today, the city will get to witness the parade they've been waiting for.
Kevin Pillar has a knack for making awesome grabs.
That was just too much Leo Messi for USA.
A magical display from Leo Messi and Co. has Argentina in the Final.
Don't worry, the sign will be going back up before next season.
A baseball game can't end with a finish much more exciting than this one.
Leo Messi made history in dramatic fashion.
The Minnesota Timberwolves had some luck with their latest pick from the Kentucky Wildcats.
What a start from Argentina.
Years after "The Fumble," Earnest Byner is thrilled to see Cleveland win a title.
How about some MLB in Vegas?
Summer Sanders and David Shaw reunite at their old stomping grounds to chat about their time at Stanford University and his career as a coach.
Looks like Dwight Howard will be back on the market.
If...IF LeBron James actually left the Cleveland Cavaliers, where could he go?
Could Dirk Nowitzki really leave the Dallas Mavericks?
Nothing like hitting some dingers from an aircraft carrier.
The Boston Celtics' draft could go plenty of ways.
What does your favorite NBA team need going into the draft?   We broke 'em all down right here.
Joba hasn't forgotten the midges.
The internet sees all, RG3.
Tim Tebow lent his support to a former teammate.
Brandon Marshall  isn't a fan of this diet.
The Philadelphia 76ers are on a mission.
The WWE made a major announcement.
Mookie is on the up and up.
NBA teams in need of a conductor, here's your list.
We're pitting our Top 2 head-to-head.
The New York Mets are changing Thor's start.
Your one-stop shop for all things NHL Free Agency.
Arizona Cardinals coach Bruce Arians and The Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomlin still have some beef.
The Philadelphia Eagles have pretty much everything but a title.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will call it quits for Sweden.
An impressive play by the Pittsburgh Pirates ballgirl.
The San Diego Padres are having a rough year, but not Will Myers!
This is very cool.
Based on Simmons' latest social posts, it's true.
DJ is the KING of golf right now.
Some spot-on D'Angelo Russell phone humor in this one.
Whoa.
The champ is still not satisfied.
The Golden State Warriors have some decisions to make.
Dwyane Wade does not take kindly to haters.
A Cleveland legend says LeBron James' Finals performance should be immortalized.
The Colorado Rockies and Miami Marlins had quite an interesting night.
D'Angelo Russell stole the show.
The UFC has drug tested Brock Lesnar A LOT.
Let the summer of Kevin Durant begin.
Nebraska Cornhuskers football has seen some amazing success.
BELIEVE in U.S. Soccer.
Odell Beckham Jr is a monster.
The Philadelphia Eagles might have the most unique player in the NFL.
JR Smith might go shirtless for the rest of the summer.
This is a HUGE compliment to LeBron James.
Odell Beckham Jr absolutely MASHES homers when he uses the Happy Gilmore swing.
Could a reunion be looming for Jose Reyes and the New York Mets?
Nick Chubb has his sights set on the Georgia Football opener.
The legacy of LeBron James. Cleveland's long wait being over. A message to the haters.   Adam Schein hits it all.
Some members of the 1995-96 Chicago Bulls are making their thoughts on the Warriors known.
Pretty clever there Cleveland.
How would Dirk Nowitzki look in a Golden State Warriors uniform??
Klay Thompson knows the Golden State Warriors let one get away.
Kevin Durant saw much of The Dark Knight in LeBron James.
That ain't right.
LeBron James is getting the last laugh now.
Kevin Durant has a massive decision to make.
What's next for Kevin Love and the Cleveland Cavaliers?
Malachi Richardson never lost his hunger to #DreamFearlessly. His hard work will pay off at the Draft with American Family Insurance.
Big Papi regrets announcing his retirement so early, but not because he's coming back for another year.
This one went a looooong way.
dang
The Cleveland Browns will hope to continue the city's new winning ways.
The New York Rangers and The Florida Panthers have made a deal.
Ever want to name a professional sports team??
GOODBYE SAD BROWNS QB JERSEY!
Stephen Zimmerman's family made him #DreamFearlessly. On Thursday, he'll fulfill his dreams at the Draft with American Family Insurance.
Peyton Manning has been enjoying his retirement, including the Super Bowl celebrations with the Denver Broncos.
After winning a title for Cleveland, LeBron James channeled a familiar meme.
The Toronto Maple Leafs have a brand new goalie.
Plenty to break down in Group B.
Cam Newton thinks he can keep getting better.
Kyrie Irving says he was in a Kobe Bryant state of mind during Game 7.
YIKES. Nick Young and Iggy Azalea ended their engagement.
Robert Ayers keeps it real about the Tampa Bay Buccaneers improvement this off season.
James Conner has already started using his story to help with cancer awareness, as he promised during his treatments.
Dang, already???
Dave Gettleman may not be in good standing with agents after these comments.
Alex is totally the Michigan State of the show...  (COLLEGE FOOTBALL SEASON, PLEASE HURRY)
Wyd?  "Nun... Chillin"
Here's how to tune in to the UEFA EURO 2016.
Finnish Baseball is a little different from American Baseball...
Facts are facts...
An updated look at LeBron James's Finals track record compared to his contemporaries.
Dave Chappelle has been in the GYM.
Shawn Porter and Keith Thurman are set to face off in the ring.
Daaaaaang. The Broncos swooped right in with the savagery.
Dustin Johnson got his summer of 2016 off on the right foot, here's a look at what comes next.
Rory McIlroy, Dustin Johnson and Andrew Landry stood out at Oakmont.
Not all heroes wear capes.
The Dallas Cowboys congratulate their guy LeBron James.
The Penguins will open their home season against the Washington Capitals.
Here are some of the longest droughts in baseball.
Shoutout to JR too for misplacing his.
Sounds like the King will get some well-deserved rest this summer.
Bret Bielema seems to have a ton of confidence in the state of things with Arkansas football.
One thing is not up for debate...  LeBron James is building an all-time résumé.
Well that probably has to sting a little.
LeBron James outshined the league's MVP on the NBA's biggest stage.
What.. Just.. Happened?
Here are how the teams rank after the quarterfinals.
Have the Cavs broken a Cleveland curse that spans more than half a century?
LeBron James shows you how to close out in Game 7.
Clevelanders have waited a loooooong time for this moment.
Stephen Curry has no excuses for coming up short.
"I think this team accomplished a lot of great things individually and as a team, and those things can never be taken away." - Draymond Green
Don't forget about Kyrie Irving's clutch 3-pointer or Kevin Love's defense on Curry.  The Big 3 came up HUGE down the stretch.
The Warriors season could go overlooked due to a GREAT finals performance.
Weighing in on the Golden State Warriors historic season.
Cleveland is going to cherish this championship and it's well deserved.
LeBron James finally opens up about his secret motivation.
The breakdown of the block that will go down in HISTORY.
The Cleveland Cavaliers gave their fans something to celebrate.
This is much more than basketball.
LeBron James did what he said he would.
The Cleveland Cavaliers will celebrate their accomplishments accordingly.
JR Smith's championship presser will give you ALL of the feels.
Dustin Johnson is FINALLY over the hump.
Kevin Love enjoyed some beverages in a way that would make Stone Cold Steve Austin proud.
RJ is going out a champion.
The Warriors offense was unstoppable all season long... and then it stopped cold at the worst time possible.

The world reacts to the Cleveland Cavaliers thrilling Game 7 victory.
LeBron James is coming up on Finals MVP history.
A play that will live forever.
Respect.
HE. HAS. DONE IT.
LeBron James fought through the pain to get the 1 the Cavs needed.
Some stunning results in the WWE.
LeBron James returned on a mission.   Mission Accomplished.
The final buzzer sounded, and the emotions came pouring out.
The numbers don't lie...
Just... wow.
Crazy.
Was there ever a doubt?
Let's check in with the GOAT...
CLEVELAND. JUST. WITNESSED.
A fairytale ending for LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
THE KING HAS DONE IT.
CHAMPIONS.
History: DENIED.
The Golden State Warriors were soooooo close to beating the game.
Lefty spinning running hook thingy off glass And 1???  Kyrie Irving is the king of circus shots.
Stephen Curry shut down this alley-oop attempt.
Los Angeles Dodgers makin' moves. Here's why.
ALLLLLLLL the stars are out for Game 7.
LeBron James is getting pretty good at this whole blocking the MVP thing.
Tiger Woods is proud of Dustin Johnson.
When LeBron James gets to the launching pad, it's already too late.
The best father/son combos in baseball history.
The Game 7 blog is LIVE.
Dustin Johnson may or may not have committed a violation, and his fellow golf stars have plenty to say about it.
What. A. Pup.
Sergio loves birdies of every kind.
A-Rod is creeping toward 700.
SO MUCH happening Sunday night, so we'll help you keep an eye on WWE action.
Courtside seats for Game 7 cost an arm and a leg*  (*limbs made out of diamonds)
Cleveland Cavaliers star Kyrie Irving is READY.
Peanut Tillman is all about the Carolina Panthers.
Los Angeles Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is a monster.
Drew Brees' sons aren't New Orleans Saints fans.
Looks like Kevin Love is going to need to set his DVR.
Ben Simmons leads the way.
You don't see this everyday.
This would be interesting...
San Diego Chargers  veteran Antonio Gates relies on his little bro.
Los Angeles Rams fans are hyped.
MVP's on and off the court. Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.
Ezekiel Elliott has potential to be a monster for the Dallas Cowboys.
Stephen Curry costs about as much as a Game of Thrones episode.
This isn't good news for the Boston Red Sox.
There couldn't be a "Great One" without a great dad.
The stars are aligning for an epic Game 7.
The Chicago Cubs love their old man.
Every other year the San Francisco Giants are dominant.
This is awesome stuff.
That's a good cup of coffee.
THE GAME WE HAVE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR.
No one is stopping the Texas Rangers.
The U.S. Open Championship is coming down to the wire.
Mexico gets the full social media treatment.
Kicking them while they are down -- way, way down
That didn't go as planned is our guess.
Outclassed and outpaced, Mexico struggled to defend Chile's talented attackers.
Well... that didn't last long.
Tim Lincecum had a pretty solid debut.
Sam Presti seems pretty confident about Kevin Durant being a free agent.
Dustin Johnson, Jason Day, Sergio Garcia and Lee Westwood will all take aim at the Irishman on Sunday afternoon.
Players completed the second round and most of the third round at the 2016 U.S. Open on Saturday at Oakmont Country Club.
Would you pay this much for courtside Game 7 tickets?
The USMNT has been here before, but can they do it again?
Stephen Curry knows what he has to do to win Game 7.
Back in 2014 Steve Kerr had some high praises for LeBron James.
LeBron James isn't too happy about the DPOY snubs.
It will be Argentina-USA for a spot in the Copa America finals.
The U.S. Open Championship Trophy is what everyone wants, but the money isn't too bad either.
James Shields imploded yet again on Saturday.
Leo Messi is making history in the Copa América Centenario 2016.
Yeah, that was pretty bad.
Game 7 is upon us and the predictions.. are.. IN.
Royals right-hander Yordano Ventura's suspension has been reduced to eight games.
14 players have been reportedly invited to attend the draft in the green room.
LeBron James and Ben Simmons may just be a match made in heaven for the young star.
This a pretty cool moment between Christiano Ronaldo and a fan.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal failed to win yet again.
Stephen Curry knows what he has to do on Sunday to possibly repeat.
Now Presenting: Billy Hamilton's "The Flash" impression.
Jake Long is ready to get back on the field.
Good news for the Golden State Warriors.
Cristiano Ronaldo was soooo close.
Looking for a center? We got you covered.
Tom Brady definitely is not the king of Snapchat.
The LA Lakers may be looking to ship D'Angelo Russell.
JJ Watt shows his support for U.S. Soccer.
A shockingly early exit for Rory McIlroy.
Not much love for Chip Kelly.
Can LeBron James be stopped?
Everyone needs a little color rush.
Not good news for Detroit Red Wings fans.
It should be a great ending at the U.S. Open Championship.
Not a bad problem for Mrs. Ross to have.
Welcome to the Eagle party.
Tony Parker is a true team player for the San Antonio Spurs.
Seattle Seahawks QB Russell Wilson is just living the dream.
The NBA Finals are a lot like Game of Thrones.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are just too scared...
This pretty much sums up the Atlanta Braves season.
Time to jump on the Baltimore Orioles bandwagon.
Stephen Curry's wife started a nice little storm.
Toronto Blue Jays slugger Michael Saunders was SOOOO close.
It's getting to be crunch time at the U.S. Open Championship.
PENALTY KICKS. DRAMA. YES.
David Ortiz seems to get better with age.
A scary moment for the Chicago Cubs and Pittsburgh Pirates.
What a difference a team makes.
What would Stephen Curry be like in a different era?
No, the Houston Astros were NOT hacked.
The Pittsburgh Pirates are in some trouble.
Pittsburgh Penguins star Sidney Crosby with a well-deserved shave.
It should be an interesting NBA offseason.
Metta World Peace is all about the NBA's integrity.
Bad news for Toronto Blue Jays fans.
The Carolina Panthers have a sense of humor.
Thing's are really starting to heat up.
This is not good at all.
Seattle Seahawks QB Russell Wilson and Ciara are turning into a power couple.
The Tampa Bay Rays are honoring the Orlando victims.
"This bicycle ain't big enough for the two of us."  "Well, actually..."
The New York Knicks might try to snag Derrick Rose.
Matt Marshall and more put on a show at the U.S. Open.
Kris Dunn leads this edition of the Big Board.
Bruce Arians still isn't happy about the way his time in Pittsburgh ended.
U-S-A *clap* U-S-A *clap*  Our crew will get you up to speed on all things #USMNT, presented by Buffalo Wild Wings.
The anniversary of the legendary Kevin Garnett celebration.
The return of Grayson Allen makes Duke a legitimate national title contender.
No. 1 overall pick Jared Goff is No. 2 on the Rams' QB depth chart.
IS THE NBA RIGGED???  Metta World Peace has a message for all the conspiracy theorists out there...
Derryck Thornton will have a new uniform next season.
Ben Simmons met with the Sixers who have the Number 1 Draft Pick.
The Curry family wasn't scared to support and defend Stephen Curry.
Aida Mendes became the oldest person to ever carry an Olympic torch.
Uhhhh....
Those were some scary scenes on the field and in the stands.
The "NBA is rigged" hot takes having been heating up.
Von Miller has a different take on Johnny Manziel.
Magnuson enters the 2016 season as one of the top-10 senior offensive tackles in the country.
Showtime Boxing has ALL the goods.
In this week's Friday Five, we rank the five Power Five teams that will play the least difficult schedules.
Well... that's random to say the least.
For the first time ever, two teams will meet in Game 7 of the NBA Finals with the exact same aggregate score.
This is a pretty cool moment here between the two.
Jerry Lawler was recently suspended indefinitely from the WWE.
Colon notched his third-career double, striking a well-placed line drive to right field.
Stephen Curry and Steve Kerr both get fined for letting the refs have a piece of their mind.
There was a lot going on with the Curry family in Game 6.
Louisville's president won't be there much longer.
Russia's track and field team has been banned from this summer's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Rory McIlroy didn't hit many drivers on Thursday and Friday.
Jordan Spieth isn't on top of the leaderboard, but he's not out of it yet.
The Los Angeles Angels have a star in Mike Trout, but they have other issues.
Jason Pierre-Paul has a message for the Rookies.
Martinez will miss 4-6 weeks due to an elbow injury and will need a replacement.
Update: Wade Phillips finally gets the right ring.
Glen Gulutzan gets another shot as head coach.
The King has been pretty productive.
Uncovering who would be in the USC Trojan Football's Mt. Rushmore.
The Dallas Cowboys has had some good years and some bad years.
Italy and Sweden are set to face off.
U.S. Soccer is advancing.
Guess what -- Craig Sager was the true star of Game 6.
Stephen Curry wasn't happy.
The Golden State Warriors coach could be losing some duckets.
U.S. Soccer on the come up.
Game 7 between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors should be epic.
Stephen Curry's wife is not happy with the NBA.
Golden State Warriors coach had some interesting postgame quotes.
Very tough luck for the Detroit Tigers.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are on fire.
Real recognize real.
Which MLB squad has the best mascot?
LeBron James doesn't want to lose.
Not actually a LeBron James interview, but you get the point... HE'S READY.
Not actually a LeBron James interview, but you get the point... HE'S READY.
Craig Sager is a legend.
LeBron James > Stephen Curry.
Stephen Curry makes making history look easy.
WOW WOW WOW
LeBron James, MY GOODNESS.
LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers know what they gotta do.
It really doesn't get any better.
The Cleveland Cavaliers will NOT quit.
LeBron James is simply the king.
U.S. Soccer is semifinal bound!
Emotions are running high between U.S. Soccer and Ecuador.
Tom Brady is a big Stephen Curry fan.
Steve Kerr believes in his Golden State Warriors.
The Cleveland Cavaliers fans should love Richard Jefferson.
Not good news the Baltimore Ravens and Trent Richardson.
What brilliant goal by U.S. Soccer star Clint Dempsey.
You can't stop LeBron James.
Kyrie Irving and LeBron James are clicking for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Stephen Curry's family isn't really happy with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Craig Sager, you are amazing.
It's a HUGE game for U.S. Soccer.
This guy has some unreal power.
Cleveland Cavaliers guard JR Smith's daughter is just being honest.
Not every NFL first-round pick is signed.
It's almost game time between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors.
A piece of Denver Broncos history could be yours.
The Boston Celtics are keeping their finger to the pulse.
Texas Rangers pitcher Colby Lewis was soooo close.
Draymond Green rollin into Game 6 like...
We have thoughts... you should listen.
The NFL could be expanding.
This New York Jets and Ryan Fitzpatrick thing just keeps dragging along.
The U.S. Open Championship is off to a slow start.
Do you feel the need? The need for speed.  This 360 video will put you inside a 100-mph Pirelli race car at Lime Rock Park.
The Carolina Panthers are keeping their coach around.
The UEFA Euro 2016 is LIT.
Doug Gottlieb doesn't have Brandon Ingram in the Top 2. So.. who?
Rush Propst was reportedly suspended after headbutting a player.
Andrew Bogut will not return to the finals and questions JR Smith's play.
Ed Reed should be a great addition to the coaching staff.
A sale of the UFC could happen sooner than later.
UH OH! Bill Walton may be a legend at Street Fighter too.
Adam Silver is not thinking about Vegas ... yet.
Ronnie Stanley adopted Winter, a dog who lived through some unfortunate situations in her six years.
A look at some of the top NFL Draft prospects.
The Florida Gators Football Mt Rushmore is in. Did they get it right?
The Pittsburgh Penguins have a choice to make between Matt Murray and Marc-Andre Fleury.
Adam Silver stands by the NBA's decision to suspend Draymond Green.
These Father's Day hats are pretty cool.
Alex Cora reports that Royals could have their eye on Jose Reyes.
Daniel Sturridge's late winner sends this bar in a FRENZY.
Some NBA teams are concerned about Denzel Valentine's right knee.
Northern Ireland-Ukraine suffered a bit of a delay.
Russell Wilson has a new trainer.
Michael Jordan had a legendary performance on this day 23 years ago.
Ilya Bryzgalov is eyeing a comeback.
The Chicago Cubs get a little younger.
Keith "One Time" Thurman vs. Showtime Shawn Porter is going to be L-I-T.  Showtime Boxing gets you up close and personal with the fighters.
UH OH. JR Swish will be testing free agency.
Cleveland Cavaliers wanted Draymond Green suspended for another game.
Von Miller wants what he wants, and he is NOT messin' around.
DeMarcus Ware can... sing?
There is a hole at Oakmont this week that is playing nearly 700 yards.
Never change Phil Mickelson.
Wayne Rooney is legendary for this.
The idea of relegation in college football isn't new, but this plan takes things to an entirely new level.
Jayson Werth was PUMPED and held nothing back.
This is possibly one of the best worst pranks ever.
Martellus Bennett is ready to suit up for the New England Patriots.
David Wright could be out for the season.
Daniel Sturridge scores in the 92nd minute and tops it off with a legendary celebration.
Turns out Leo Messi jerseys are magical.
When arm wrestling meets Rutgers Football.
Drew Brees is all for going for two more often.
Gareth Bale drilled a long free kick.
Mo Wilkerson is still not happy with the lack of progress on a new contract.
LeBron James could be playing for his legacy tonight.
You can cut the tension with a knife.
The Atlanta Braves slugger gives his squad something to cheer about.
But first let me...
George really... SPRUNG into action here...
Happens to the best of us...
Give the man some credit!
hmm
Not where you expect to see Tim Tebow.
Johnny Manziel in the locker room was .....
oh boy
LeBron James has plenty of years left in the tank.
Ichiro Suzuki has been racking up hits forever.
There is no love lost between the Dallas Cowboys and Philadelphia Eagles.
UEFA Euro 2016 is heating up.
That is one ANGRY coach!
Here is your NFL preseason primer.
Andy Dalton = Tom Brady or nah?
We don't know who's going to get José Reyes, but we have a pretty good idea who isn't.
Ewwwwwwwwwww
Zlatan Ibrahimovic may be on his way to Rio.
Miami Marlins OF Ichiro Suzuki is a hit machine.
Indianapolis Colts punter Pat McAfee gets sweet revenge.
Tim Tebow isn't counting out a return to the NFL.
Things aren't looking good for the Chicago Blackhawks.
It's an important offseason for the Chicago Bulls.
Bet you've never seen a dude chip a golf ball to himself and then shoot it like MJ into the cup.
Dray says the Golden State Warriors would be hoisting the trophy right now if he wasn't suspended.
The Jacksonville Jaguars have high expectations for this rookie.
Thanks for making us all feel like failures, kid.
Don't mess with the Chicago Cubs.
Which conference dominates the NBA  draft?
The Pittsburgh Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger isn't the only one..
Don't mess with Iceland, Cristiano Ronaldo.
The San Diego Chargers aren't exactly happy with Joey Bosa.
Dance like there's no one watching!
Not good news for the Dallas Cowboys.
Former Chicago Bears star Martellus Bennett doesn't like to talk about his ex's.
LeBron James is ALL IN on The Godfather this postseason.
These new Sacramento Kings uniforms are fresh.
Narrowing down Florida State Seminoles Football's Mount Rushmore was mighty hard.
The Colorado Rockies now have 10 days to trade, release, or waive Reyes.
Paul George has a lot of love for Kobe Bryant.
Muhammad Ali's grandson has some serious talent.
Harold Lederman is now in the Hall of Fame.
Bill Murray  was hyped up.
Cleveland Indians top prospect Brady Aiken is on the right track.
Former Philadelphia Eagles safety Walter Thurmond is enjoying retirement.
An interesting strategy by Notre Dame Football.
Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll isn't showing Nate Robinson much love.
Bad news for Golden State Warriors fans.
Whether it's eating pizza or dunking in Dockers, Von Miller and his dad have always shared a special connection.
The Golden State Warriors face a lineup dilemma.
Showtime Boxing is getting you hyped for Thurman-Porter.
It's almost time for the U.S. Open Championship.
The Pittsburgh Pirates can thank their pitching prospects.
It's celebration time for Pittsburgh Penguins fans!
Rory McIlroy with the BEAUTY.
Buffalo Bills RB Karlos Williams isn't exactly in playing shape.
Now this is a goal.
U.S. Soccer has a legit chance to make history at Copa América Centenario 2016.
Ahh, the life of a New York Jets fan.
Seattle Seahawks DE Michael Bennett's mind isn't necessarily on a new deal.
Who wouldn't want this bus?!
Kenta Maeda goes down after taking a brutal hit.
The round gets started on Thursday, with USA-Ecuador in Seattle.
Leo Messi puts the moves on the goalkeeper.
Andre Dawson, Orlando Cepeda, Tony Oliva and Tim Raines shared stories about their careers at the annual event in Kansas City,
Cristiano Ronaldo wasn't too happy with Iceland's celebration.
Robert Griffin III's fro got the good ole social media treatment.
Mark Sanchez and Trevor Siemian are in the running for the Denver Broncos QB position.
Le'Veon Bell says he did not fail a drug test.
The Denver Broncos and Brandon Marshall agree on an extension.
The Golden State Warriors may have to make some adjustments for Game 6.
Pete Rose doesn't have that much confidence in the Chicago Cubs.
Cristiano Ronaldo didn't have his best showing against Iceland.
Neymar Jr. is living the life right now.
The 2016 Rio Olympic Medals are NICE.
Auburn fans are petitioning to change the name of a road in Alabama to honor Cam Newton.
The big three are obviously at the top, but some other big names like Rickie Fowler and Justin Rose also have great chances.
Andrew Bogut is traveling with the team, but questionable for Game 6.
Richard Jefferson isn't happy with Klay Thompson's comments.
U.S. Soccer has given America reason to believe at the Copa América Centenario 2016.   We dive into the club's journey through the tournament with Buffalo Wild Wings.
Keep your eye on the talent in the 2nd round of the NBA draft.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are going to need Jarvis Jones to step it up.
Colin Kaepernick CK7 is going to have to out play Blaine Gabbert if he wants to start.
Dunking...while dabbing...while in jeans?? (Via DunkElite/Instagram)
What could a Las Vegas NHL team be named? Where would it play?   The answers are right here.
The Pittsburgh Steelers always going for two actually makes a lot of sense.
Could the Washington Nationals enter the market for a reliever?
There's plenty NHL teams can learn from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s ride gets a University of Michigan touch.
Muhammad Wilkerson wants Fletcher Cox kind of money.
Stephen Adams is a popular guy in OKC.
This is really, really, ridiculously fast.
Big Ben really wants to play with The Pittsburgh Steelers new tight end.
We had plenty to pick from, but we've narrowed down the Mount Rushmore of Ohio State University Football to four legends.
Rob Gronkowski -Gronk likes what he's been seeing from Jimmy Garoppolo.
Maria Sharapova has appealed her suspension.
Time to dive into some All-Star voting.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic appears to be headed to Manchester United.
Oakmont should be quite at test at the U.S. Open.
It sounds like the NHL is heading to Vegas.
There's only one way the Minnesota Timberwolves could get Jimmy Butler...
Things got really messy for the Sacramento Kings.
Darren McFadden will be out a bit after breaking his elbow at home.
Really good news for the Baltimore Ravens.
Fake Ichiro is VERY convincing.
This little dude has some serious skills.
The Dallas Cowboys always want to be associated with winning.
Stanford has built a football program in its own unique way.
Josh Norman's horse is making the move to Washington.
The Denver Broncos defense is still mighty confident.
Well here's a unique giveaway.
There was no stopping Kyrie Irving in Game 5.
The Golden State Warriors badly missed Draymond Green in Game 5.
For once, LeBron James got an epic performance to go along with one of his own.   Kyrie Irving provided it.
LeBron James' fashion decision paid off.
Ayesha Curry wasn't pleased with the refs in Game 5.
LeBron wasn't hearing it.
Our Bill Reiter says the Golden State Warriors may have pushed LeBron James too far.
Facing elimination, LeBron James never goes down without a fight.
A historic performance from Kyrie Irving and LeBron James gets the Cleveland Cavaliers back in the series.
The Golden State Warriors fans made their presence known.
That Kyrie Irving shot chart is something else.
Andrew Bogut will have an MRI for further examination.
The Anaheim Ducks are reportedly bringing back a familiar face.
Don't worry Golden State players, Jack Del Rio has your back.
Oh you know, just Marshawn Lynch and Draymond Green taking in a ball game.
Klay Thompson went OFF.
The Boston Celtics have entered the Jimmy Butler discussions.
The Minnesota Timberwolves could be looking to pull off a huge move with the Chicago Bulls.
The Golden State Warriors owner showed support for his star.
This was a beauty.
The Warriors look to eliminate the Cavs without Draymond Gree- wait a minute
A bit of good news for the Baltimore Ravens.
MLB will honor the victims of the Orlando shooting.
Fletcher Cox got PAID.
LeBron James is looking to Undertaker for strength.
Somehow Jay Jabs lands at only No. 11 on this list.
When in doubt, grab a backpack with wings.
This guy lifts.
Kirk Cousins is still looking to improve.
Mychal Thompson had a strong opinion on LeBron James.
He hit .500 (yes, seriously) in 49 games in Cuba last season.
Just a couple years ago, the Lions were 'comfortable' as one of the few teams without cheerleaders.
Life moves pretty fast...
This doesn't seem very safe. (via: Instagram/@hensharpegolf)
The fan who threw a beer bottle at Ryan Howard turned himself in.
Jason Kidd will be sticking around with the Milwaukee Bucks.
This is some serious strength.
A look at some of the top NFL prospects.
David West could be heading elsewhere next season.
Nate Robinson is trying to make a switch to the NFL.
Pete Carroll is a fan of the new Stephen Curry shoes. Not quite sure if it helps any, though.
Will the Golden State Warriors end it tonight? Or, Will the Cleveland Cavaliers push it to a Game 6? Tune in.
Great news for Terry Collins and the New York Mets.
Big Ben gives his take on Carson Wentz playing for a smaller school.
This was a tough four to settle on, but it may just be the right four.
A look at some of the amazing stories heading into the U.S. Open.
Daniel Berger gets win No. 1.
Some of these pitchers can go DEEP.
The undrafted defensive lineman played for five teams and went to a Super Bowl with the Cardinals.
Strong words hurled at LeBron James.
NOICE.
Murray tunes up for Wimbledon by playing Romeo Beckham.
The Cleveland Indians can't seem to avoid... injuries.
Harper didn't need his bat much in Wrigley last month.
No worries. Draymond Green will be watching Game 5 in style.
Lindsey Vonn wants to shake things up before she retires.
The Detroit Lions are trying to fill that WR position.
Potentially the most famous 19th hole in golf history is up for grabs.
WOW! This sprint car cleared the catch fence.. which has never happened before.
The Houston Texans get some much needed energy in the backfield.
They might have to get Wade Phillips a new ring. It's only right.
The Pittsburgh Penguins won the Stanley Cup and a WWE Title Belt in the same week. Greatness.
The St. Louis Blues are preparing for the future with Mike Yeo added to the bench.
The San Jose Sharks window to win the Stanley Cup is slowly but surely closing.
Gary Player has some tips for Jordan Spieth.
LeBron James gives you a more in depth look at his return to Cleveland.
The Philadelphia 76ers could be trying to move one of their big men.
Aaron Rodgers' batflip game is tight. (via Green Bay Packers)
Conor McGregor will get you hyped for the Euros.
You'll want to relive these great Pittsburgh Penguins Stanley Cup moments.
Not sure who to root for this U.S Open?? We have you covered.
Jeremy Foley will retire as Florida's AD on Oct. 1.
This Texas A&M Baseball chant will rattle ANY pitcher.
Friday could be Tim Lincecum's first start for the Los Angeles Angels.
These golfers will be stepping out in some NICE gear.
Oakmont has had some historic moments.
JJ Watt just seems to have that effect on people.
First pitch? No problem for Jason Day.
Steve Smith backs up Breshad Perriman.
The Denver Broncos Super Bowl ring is GREAT.
Lo and behold! The Pittsburgh Penguins' defense wins the day.
The Pittsburgh Penguins passed The Cup to some beloved teammates.
A stunning exit for Brazil hinged on this controversial call.
Sid the Kid is Sid the MVP.
It wasn't easy, but the Pittsburgh Penguins have won the fight.
The Pittsburgh Penguins are headed home with a pep in their step and Lord Stanley's Cup.
The Pittsburgh Penguins HAVE DONE IT.
The men of U.S. Soccer have their next opponent for Copa America.
Sidney Crosby and Joe Thornton are not the best of friends.
Draymond Green still wants to watch the game with his Golden State Warriors teammates.
What a feeling.
Klay Thompson weighs in on Draymond Green trash talking LeBron James.
The Los Angeles Angels stud has been dealing.
They're flipping out over bat flips.
Draymond Green is at fault.
The Golden State Warriors must do without the services of Draymond Green.
What you should know about the MLB Draft.
The Houston Texans like what they see.
Stephen Curry is ailing.
The Cleveland Cavaliers coach takes a ding in the wallet over LeBron James comments.
The Washington Redskins and Kirk Cousins still appear to be far apart.
The New York Mets are taking caution.
The greens look wild.
Draymond Green has been suspended for Game 5.
Interesting offer for Kevin Durant.
Charles Barkley has takes for you.
Rex Ryan is defending his Buffalo Bills player.
The Golden State Warriors have the Cavaliers on the brink.
The San Diego Chargers youngster is impressing.
Real Madrid C.F. has gotta like what they see.
U.S. Soccer is climbing the charts.
The Golden State Warriors wouldn't like this.
The New York Yankees are honoring the legends.
The former New England Patriots standout is ready to come back.
Cleveland brings home a title.
Magic Johnson and the LA Lakers are changing their relationship.
The Pittsburgh Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger won't be around.
The Pittsburgh Penguins won their last Stanley Cup 7 years ago, to the day. Will Sidney Crosby hoist the prize again?
It's gonna be an interesting NBA offseason.
A big time upset.
You don't see this every day.
Danny Dufy has been stepping up in a big way for the Kansas City Royals.
Joining the Cleveland Cavaliers hasn't always been easy for Kevin Love.
This play may have sealed it for the Golden State Warriors.
Plenty of U.S. Soccer players stepped up against Paraguay.
U.S. Soccer marches on.
U.S. Soccer comes up with a big win.  USA plays on in Copa América Centenario 2016.
U.S. Soccer got on the board early thanks to Clint Dempsey.
Xander Bogaerts with a heads up play for the Boston Red Sox.
Phil Mickelson is making moves.
Tyronn Lue doesn't think LeBron James gets much help from the refs.
A massage from Big Papi looks lovely.
The Pittsburgh Pirates made a move to shore up the catcher position.
Wow. Talk about a cool sis.
Pretty cool.   The Seattle Mariners drafted The Kid's kid.
The Pittsburgh Penguins are giving Martin Jones about all he can handle.
Tom Brady could secure an ELITE swing coach.
Maybe that's why Megatron walked away... ouch.
Team USA is in desperate need of a point guard.  Well, maybe not THAT desperate...
Usher's just trying to show some love.
This kid's senior quote got Kirk Cousins' attention.
Andre Iguodala was absolutely everywhere for the Golden State Warriors on defense.
Balk or no balk?
Gareth Bale just unleashed a monstrous free kick.
Should Jimmy be in the Hall?
Everything you need to track the Belmont Stakes all in one spot.
We sat down with a panel of college football players to discuss their most pressing issues.
Scary scene at the site of Euro 2016.
And he had a belt made out of rope.
Our columnist sees LeBron James starting to reach his boiling point.
Klay Thompson tried to warn us.
Is Andre Iguodala on his way to another Finals MVP?
The Golden State Warriors got back to their roots and created space for their stars.
The Splash Brothers are alive and well for the Golden State Warriors.
LeBron James appears to take exception to the words that came from Draymond Green during Game 4.
The Golden State Warriors looked more like themselves in a Game 4 W.
Draymond Green is involved in some more controversy.
Stephen Curry and LeBron James got into it a little bit.
Stephen Curry is setting the record straight on his kicks.
Stephen Curry came alive to put the Golden State Warriors on the verge of another championship.
Would you believe the Golden State Warriors set ANOTHER record??
The San Diego Chargers have reportedly reached a deal with one of their top offensive weapons.
Oh you know, just a quick hat trick for Leo Messi.
The Golden State Warriors are one win away from capping off their golden season with a title.
Some future MLB stars have been selected in the draft. Get the rundown on the first 10 rounds.
You don't want to miss this Leo Messi free kick.
It didn't take Leo Messi long to let everyone know he was in the game.
USA Basketball loses yet another star.
Not in Kyrie Irving's house...yup you read that right.
That's a shame.
Paul Pierce is closing in on a big choice.
Ayesha Curry has no interest in a Cleveland Cavaliers shirt.
Looks like the new Manchester City FC boss is a LeBron James fan.
Hmmm...
This was gorgeous.
Brock Osweiler will continue to miss out on the Denver Broncos Super Bowl festivities.
The Washington Redskins WR makes an interesting decision.
USA Basketball loses a star.
Next steps for Baylor Athletics.
USA Basketball getting its boogie on?
Rule changes are coming to the NFL.
Be careful what bets you make with friends.
Billy Crystal eulogized the legend at his memorial.
The former Duke Basketball product is getting his grub on.
some records were made to be broken
The one and only.
Tee time!
Son of Raf.
Troll Tide
What a goal!
Serena Williams took some of her anger out on her rackets.
The comedian will eulogize Ali at his funeral.
Joel Embiid most likely will not be playing this summer.
Nelson Agholor hasn't yet been charged with any wrongdoing.
Andrew Wiggins is focused on the Wolves.
Well this is.. different.
Hockey Hall of Famer Gordie Howe played pro hockey in six different decades.
JR Swish gives his take on Stephen Curry winning the MVP.
Johnny Manziel got served at a party. Unfortunately, it wasn't a dance battle.
Malik Beasley should still be a first rounder despite injury.
You can expect both teams to make some lineup changes for Game 4.
Cam Newton's kickball tournament will feature Tebow Show.
Can Terrelle Pryor contribute as a WR in 2016?
The people show their love to their hero Muhammad Ali.
The American soccer legend is set to become a Swansea City minority shareholder.
Baylor is taking a deeper look into the history of athletes transferring into the school.
The White Sox hope Anderson is ready to hit.
Thousands have lined the streets of Louisville to celebrate the life of Muhammad Ali.
The hockey world spent Friday morning paying tribute to one of the game's best players.
Kevin Durant may not be interested in joining his old teammate James Harden (basketball).
Rex Ryan might be on the hot seat.
The Mountain used to look more like The Pine Tree.
Kevin Love's status for Game 4 is still uncertain.
The slump struggle is real for Giancarlo Stanton.
Austin Sefarian-Jenkins should take this as a lesson. Never engage the trolls.
Neymar Jr. is headed to PSG - Paris Saint-Germain???
Get your "No Runs DMC" shirts... NOW.
Devon Still is calling on JJ Watt to help him learn the defense.
Cam Newton is ready to move forward after Super Bowl loss.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest to ever put on skates, has died at age 88.
Rest in peace to the man known as "Mr. Hockey," the legendary Gordie Howe.
What a performance from Martin Jones.
There's still plenty of talent to be found in Day 2 of the MLB Draft.
Thanks to a phenomenal performance in net, the San Jose Sharks push the series to Game 6.
These teams will face the toughest competition in 2016.
If your squad fails to sign Kevin Durant, who are some other potential options.
The Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver supported the Pittsburgh Penguins in style at Game 5.
With the season on the line, Martin Jones came up big for the San Jose Sharks.
These are the absolute legends of Tennessee Football.
Carlos Beltran keeps adding to his Cooperstown resume.
All Luis Suarez could do was watch.
It's incredible what phones can do.
The Pittsburgh Penguins and San Jose Sharks lit the lamp early and often.
Who knew Wade Phillips was such a big Drake fan?
This dude is one HUGE LeBron James fan.
Colin Kaepernick says he's happy to be with the San Francisco 49ers, but he hasn't spoken to the GM.
This was a pretty wild one.
Though they haven't reached an agreement yet, a deal between Von Miller and the Denver Broncos could be nearing.
Plenty of teams have had their dreams crushed by the plays on this wristband.
The Denver Broncos will still show some love to Peyton's favorite city in Nebraska.
What a scene.
The Philadelphia Phillies go with Mickey Moniak at the top spot.
Pelé auctioned off some items for a great cause.
The super hero game is strong with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Carlos Correa banged up his ankle, but it could've been much worse.
Andrew Bogut sticks up for Kevin Love.
A question from his daughter jump started J.R. Smith's defensive intensity.
A suspension has been handed out to the Baltimore Orioles star.
Florida Gators Football is giving a pretty sweet honor to Steve Spurrier.
The Chicago Cubs are bringing back a familiar face after a move with the Oakland Athletics.
The NBA is selling rainbow-colored logo shirts to celebrate Pride Month.
As the 2016 MLB draft begins, some will talk of tanking. Don't listen to them.
Austin Seferian-Jenkins gets the boot from practice.
Kaleb Tarczewski is ready to make his mark on the NBA.
The Cincinnati Bengals are loading up for Andy Dalton.
Diego Maradona gives his take on Leo Messi's leadership abilities.
Known for coaching and diagraming plays on the gridiron, Woody Hayes once worked a side gig as a golf scribe.
Marquese Chris could go pretty high in this years draft.
Kevin Love's status is hopeful, but will the Cleveland Cavaliers start him?
Manny Machado #13 was fined and suspended following brawl.
A whole TON? Not figuratively? This is what you call STRENGTH.
The DL has the versatility to line up both inside and outside, allowing Michigan to run a hybrid front.
No injury was going to keep Leo Messi down for long.
Cristiano Ronaldo shows out in this dope Nike ad.
Valencia is now the latest soccer club to form an eSports team.
The Cleveland Cavaliers have a human #tbt starting for them in the Finals.
Bad news for the New Orleans Saints.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are looking to light up the scoreboard.
Mike Schmidt gets you ready for the MLB Draft.
Who's closest to the heat and who's impervious? We take the temp of all 32 seats.
Cam Newton weighs in on the LeBron James vs. Stephen Curry debate.
Jerry Jones didn't endorse either candidate, but spoke highly of Hillary Clinton.
Hey Baylor Bears Football... Seth Russell is BACK.
You're in for a GREAT fight when these two face off.
You will receive no mercy from Andre Drummond, children.
Justin Bieber has gotta be SORRY after this one.
The Pittsburgh Steelers and Pittsburgh Penguins are one.
The former New England Patriots tight end is currently serving a life sentence.
IMPORTANT!!!!!
BREAKING: Cam Newton is done dabbing.
Squad Goals. The Pittsburgh Pirates are supporting the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The Colorado Rockies attempt at innovation back fired here.
Jeff Teague deletes posts about playing through injuries.
The NFL could be making a minor change to the rule book.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have some tricks up their sleeve.
Mark Wahlberg has a DOPE golf course.
Nike stands by Maria Sharapova.
Bruce Bochy has a different approach to bullpen management, but he gets the job done.
LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers have NOOOOOOOO idea what to do with this question. (via Cavs TV)
The New York Knicks have their eye on Mike Conley Jr.
The Carolina Hurricanes will NOT be relocating.
You have to call him Forbes List Spieth now.
This video of a Brazilian bird going nuts on a golf course is amazing.
Jeff Fisher doesn't have the strongest record with the Los Angeles Rams, but may be in talks for a new deal.
Short first names are all the rage on this mountain with two offensive greats leading the way for the Tigers.
Tune in to the FedEx St. Jude Classic.
John Harbaugh is wary of joining the realms of Twitter.
The Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers are BOTH launching haymakers.
Timmy Jernigan takes the high road in regards to Warren Sapp's comments.
Saturday's main event has epic brawl written all over it.
The San Jose Sharks and Pittsburgh Penguins get the HS yearbook treatment from Jimmy Fallon.
LeBron James looked GREAT in Game 3.
Stephen Curry deserves more criticism for his play in the NBA Finals.
Klay Thompson is not too happy about that Timofey Mozgov screen.
NO EASY BUCKETS EVER.
Game 3 was the bizarro version of Games 1 and 2.
LeBron James played power forward in a way that would make KG proud.
Our Matt Moore says if the Cleveland Cavaliers want to keep winning, they have to keep Kevin Love out of the starting lineup.
LeBron James caught Kobe Bryant on the Finals scoring list.  LA Lakers fans saying "Count the rings" in 3... 2...
Draymond Green doesn't look too concerned with the Golden State Warriors Game 3 loss here.
Watch this... all the guys in yellow are about to get schooled.
The Cleveland Cavaliers have made Stephen Curry kinda M.I.A.
Are the Cleveland Cavaliers better WITHOUT Kevin Love?
Is this the real Cleveland Cavaliers, or did the Golden State Warriors just have the Game 3 Blues?
The rook definitely showed some signs in his Pittsburgh Pirates debut.
(psssst. we've got the Dad gifts.)
Might wanna revisit your Game 2 hot takes after this one.
LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers just showed the world what they're REALLY made of.
You do NOT want to see the Cleveland Cavaliers at The Q.
This dunk, man. LeBron James is from another planet.
The Cleveland Cavaliers looked like a different team in Game 3, so it's fair to wonder...
You have GOT to see this play by LeBron James. Again and again.
Somebody doesn't think much of Conor McGregor...
Walk-off pickoff??? Alrighty then.
Brazil put on a clinic.
*And 1 mixtape voice* "OH BABY, OH BABY, OH BABY"
Those crazy pregame outfits aren't cheap.
This would not be the way to start your MLB career.
Conor McGregor has DOLLARS.
Cristiano Ronaldo looks to be in Ronaldo form.
One thing is for certain: Former NBA stars sure love to debate the Golden State Warriors' greatness.
The New York Knicks are bringing back that guy.
The Boston Celtics could have a LEG up on getting Kevin Durant.
Johnny Manziel ready to play?
Golden State Warriors / Cleveland Cavaliers ... LET'S GO.
Luis Suarez won't be back till it's right.
The Cleveland Browns with a little in-fighting.
WHAMMY!
You will never guess who won this race between The Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Miami Marlins uncovered a stud.
whoa!
Allergic to WHAT!??!?!?
Baltimore Orioles stud Manny Machado is getting that good grub.
So thaaaaaaaat's why they call Floyd Mayweather, money...
There is only one way to ease the pain of fouling a baseball off an area this sensitive...
Do NOT bring a weak shot into Andre Drummond's house...even if you're a kid.
Carmelo Anthony believes in the New York Knicks.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are still haunted by passing on Draymond Green.
LeBron James to the Buffalo Bills?!
J.K. Simmons is a beast at the gym.
Dan Mullen has no problem trolling Michigan Football.
San Francisco Giants ace Madison Bumgarner really wants to hit in the HR Derby.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is all about the "Showtime" LA Lakers .
The Cleveland Cavaliers  NEED a win.
Will we get a legendary Stephen Curry performance?
Crockett Gillmore has a lot of confidence in the Baltimore Ravens.
This is pretty dope.
Gareth Bale is changing the golf game.
No love at all for Michigan Football.
The Jacksonville Jaguars and Florida State Seminoles Football are teaming up.
Denver Broncos star Von Miller may be getting some serious money.
This kid pulled off such a sick crossover that he broke his teacher's knees...literally.
The QB whisperer has the faith in Miami Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill.
Not good news for Philadelphia Phillies fans.
The Pittsburgh Pirates have an awesome Game of Thrones intro.
Danny Ferry has joined the New Orleans Pelicans.
The Cleveland Cavaliers will be without Kevin Love for Game 3.
The New York Mets love Kelly Johnson.
The Big 12 Conference finally has a title game.
The Texas Rangers are climbing up our power rankings.
Strong words from Baltimore Orioles  star Adam Jones.
Michigan State Spartans football has had some legends.
Michigan Football coach Jim Harbaugh is crushing the east coast.
Sometimes winning on the PGA TOUR isn't a good thing.
Former Seattle Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch has come a long way.
New album The Getaway is out now!  Get the vinyl/CD/download or stream here: http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp
In case you missed it, watch Anthony's Facebook Live interview now!  New album The Getaway is available everywhere: http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp
whats your favorite song from The Getaway ?  instagram.com/chilipeppers
New album The Getaway now available on Amazon.com: http://smarturl.it/adxdl9
Josh being Josh, bts #DarkNecessities, if you havent seen the video yet check it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0oIoR9mLwc&list=PLT6HAUPSMbBHvN_QIiOqFeHRv3nggdMfD
Ready set jet.  Stream the new album The Getaway now on Spotify: http://spoti.fi/23eObW0
Watch the music video for "Dark Necessities" now!  Directed by Olivia Wilde.  Get the new album The Getaway now on iTunes: http://smarturl.it/ijzo0e
Red Hot Chili Peppers' new album The Getaway is now available everywhere!   Get it here: http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp
To celebrate premiere of the music video "Dark Necessities," Anthony is hosting a Facebook live chat tomorrow (Thursday) at 9:30am PT.  Leave your questions below & make sure to tune in tomorrow for the premiere of the new music video!
In case you missed it, watch Red Hot Chili Peppers on The Late Late Show with James Corden on #CarpoolKaraoke now!
and thats whats up  * * *  Follow Red Hot Chili Peppers on Instagram: http://instagram.com/chilipeppers
pre-PinkPop  instagram.com/chilipeppers
We got large and we got small, we got a swimming pool and a cannon ball We turn red and we turn green, it's the craziest thing I've ever seen   Lost my mind 'cause I'm on the plastic Who knew it's so damn drastic Show me what it is you believe in Slowly she sinks all your teeth in Do you want to go fishing in New Orleans Do you want to get up early in the morning Take me to the river where we do the little storming Hallelujah, I feel it warming   Sitting here I count the moons The orders we obeyed Every night 'fore we go to bed I watch while the others pray   Send it off through Delaware just Make it fair for the legionnaires Paint a simple portrait of my kind   Permission to the heartless bombs Gold Plated Hate and the waitress moms Serving up the stories of my mind   Mexico you are my neighbor Home of the let's be braver Give me all your sick and your tired Races that we admire Do you want to go dancing in Chicago Trinidad's got it bad for Tobago Take me to the lake where we do the Avocado Hallelujah, a desparado   Sitting here I count the moons The orders we obeyed Every night 'fore we go to bed I watch while the others pray   Send it off through Delaware just Make it fair for the legionnaires Paint a simple portrait of my kind   Permission to the heartless bombs Gold Plated Hate and the waitress moms Serving up the stories of my mind   Coming down from the deserts where you Caught a glimpse of the billionaire Tell me I'm the right one for the ride   Paper signs out on the lawns Gold minds and the priceless pawns Does your canyon really open wide   We got large and we got small, we got a swimming pool and a cannon ball We turn red and we turn green, it's the craziest thing I've ever seen
Josh pre-Novarock  instagram.com/chilipeppers
AK with director Olivia Wilde on the #darknecessities video shoot #6-16-16  instagram.com/chilipeppers
Group Hug   instagram.com/chilipeppers
Watch Flea talk about the recording process of "We Turn Red" now!  Get "We Turn Red," "Dark Necessities" & "The Getaway" instantly when you preorder the new album: http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp  The Getaway available everywhere June 17th
redhotchilipeppers.com/tour  #TheGetaway
NEW SONG: Listen to "We Turn Red" now!   Get the song instantly - along with "Dark Necessities" & "The Getaway" - with your preorder of the new album: http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp  The Getaway coming June 17th everywhere
NEW VIDEO: Watch Anthony discuss the creative process of the song "Dark Necessities" now!  New album The Getaway available everywhere June 17th
"The Getaway" fan artwork by vecthur  New album coming June 17th: http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp
Thanks for a lovely weekend Germany! See u again in the Fall. Now, Off to Switzerland.  - Chad Smith  rhcp.com/tour
NEW VIDEO: "Dark Necessities" (Live from Germany)  #TheGetaway
Fan artwork by instagram.com/kkatemort  New album The Getaway coming June 17
Always an honor to be up on the sunset strip  - Chad Smith
The Getaway // Coming June 17
....aaaannnd cut!!
redhotchilipeppers.com/tour   #TheGetaway // Video by David Mushegain
That's right you're right We will do our thing tonight alright Take me through the future It's time you're fine Just another color coded crime Incision and a suture You told my friend We would get it on no matter when A supercavitation Let's go you show Me something no one will ever know A love hallucination   Another lonely superstar To get away inside your car Take it much too far Surrender to the brave inside A lover that another tried Take it, too my ride   You don't have to keep it if it's mine (Another lonely superstar to getaway inside your car) Another place maybe another time (Surrender to the brave inside a lover that another tried)   Complete repeat Sitting in your car and on your street Lost in California Let's steal this wheel Take a spin to find out how we feel Just around the corner Slow down for sound Turn it up and no we can't be found The body that we transcend Asleep, you weep Find out that the trick is never cheap A melancholy girlfriend   Another lonely superstar To get away inside your car Take it much too far Surrender to the brave inside A lover that another tried Take it, too my ride   You don't have to keep it if it's mine (Another lonely superstar to getaway inside your car) Another place maybe another time (Surrender to the brave inside a lover that another tried)   That's right you're right We will do our thing tonight, alright Drive the constellation It's time you're fine Just another color coded crime The song is fascination   Another lonely superstar To get away inside your car Take it much too far Surrender to the brave inside The lover that another tried Take it, too my ride   A May December might not be so smart (Another lonely superstar to getaway inside your car) Arrivals that we wish would not depart (Surrender to the brave inside a lover that another tried)   Don't be late cause you're my savior Make it great whatever stays Golden gate my rearranger Hold my name inside your rays
NEW SONG: Listen to the new song "The Getaway" now!
So fun last nite! Thanks Ohio  - Chad Smith  rhcp.com/tour
NEW PLAYLIST: Check out these fan covers of "Dark Necessities" now!  #TheGetaway
Coming on to the light of day we got Many moons that are deep at play so I Keep an eye on the shadow smile To see what it has to say You and I both know Everything must go away What do you say   Spinning Knot that is on my heart is like a Bit of light in a touch of dark you got Sneak attack from the zodiac But I see your fire spark Eat the breeze and go Blow by blow and go away What do you say Yeah   You don't know my mind You don't know my kind Dark necessities are part of my design and Tell the world that I'm Falling from the sky Dark necessities are part of my design   Stumble down to the parking lot you got No time for the after thought they're like Ice Cream for an Astronaut Well that's me looking for we Turn the corner and Find the world at your command Playing the hand Yeah   You don't know my mind You don't know my kind Dark necessities are part of my design   Tell the world that I'm Falling from the sky Dark necessities are part of my design   Do you want this love of mine Darkness helps us all to shine Do you want it, do you want it now   Do you want it all the time But darkness helps us all to shine Do you want it, do you want it now   Pick you up like a paper back with the Track record of a maniac so I Move it in and we unpack It's the same as yesterday Any way we roll Everything must go away, what do you say Yeah   You don't know my mind You don't know my kind Dark necessities are part of my design   Tell the world that I'm Falling from the sky and Dark necessities are part of my design
The Getaway. New album coming June 17.  Fan artwork by guissepi.tumblr.com  http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp // #TheGetaway
#TheGetaway // Coming June 17th
NEW SONG: Listen to "Dark Necessities" below!  NEW ALBUM: Pre-order The Getaway now, out June 17 —> http://smarturl.it/thegetawayrhcp
Sign up for the mailing list to receive exclusive tour news & presale codes!
There will be a live webcast of His Holiness the Dalai Lama's talk on "Compassion as the Pillar of World Peace" from the Indiana Farmers Coliseum in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA on June 25, 2016 starting at 12:30pm Eastern Daylight Time (EDT=GMT-4.00). The live webcast can be viewed at https://livestream.com/DalaiLamaEnglish/pillar  Photo of His Holiness greeting the audience on his arrival at the University of Colorado's Coors Event Center in Boulder, Colorado on June 23, 2016. (Photo by Glenn Asakawa/CUBoulder)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama reaching out to well-wishers who gathered to welcome him to Boulder, Colorado, USA on June 22, 2016. (Photo by Jeremy Russell/OHHDL)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama waving to the audience at the end of his talk on "Compassion and Universal Responsibility" at the University of Utah's Huntsman Center in Salt Lake City, Utah on June 21, 2016. (Photo/Jeremy Russell/OHHDL) The program can be viewed at https://youtu.be/EAJWg1NVe0I
President Barack Obama greets His Holiness the Dalai Lama at the entrance of the Map Room of the White House on June 15, 2016. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Why I'm hopeful about the world's future
Watch the conversation "To End Violence, Engage Youth" with His Holiness the Dalai Lama and young peacemakers streamed live on the United States Institute of Peace's Facebook page today, starting at 10:00am EDT from Washington DC, USA. https://www.facebook.com/usinstituteofpeace/.  Photo of His Holiness with USIP Youth Leaders during their dialogue in Dharamsala, HP, India on May 3, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama receiving traditional Indian offerings on his arrival at the Main Tibetan Temple at the start of a three day teaching for Indian Buddhists in Dharamsala, HP, India on June 7, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
If we start now and make the effort, we can make the world a more peaceful place. We have to try. The human population is growing and climate change is having its effect. Violence breaks out because our destructive emotions run out of control. Human rights violations, for example, are related to anger and a lack of respect. We can counter these tendencies by cultivating warm-heartedness and concern for others.
Knowledge of mind and emotions should be taught in schools. On the basis of that understanding we can become healthy, happy individuals, families, communities and societies. But if the mind is not disciplined, mere knowledge will not be of much help. We need to use our intelligence to extend our basic compassionate nature, which gives rise to trust, the very basis of friendship—as human beings that's we all need.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama talks about the importance of optimism at the end of a two day interactive dialogue with United States Institute of Peace Youth Leaders at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on May 4, 2016. The entire program can be viewed at http://bit.ly/1WNYe45.
Small children are very pure and open. They have no prejudices or preconceptions. They aren't bothered by the secondary differences of color, faith, nationality, wealth or education that seem to pre-occupy adults. We would be better to be like them and one remedy is to remember that we are all the same as human beings.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama playfully greeting young Tibetan students on his way to the Main Tibetan Temple on Vesak, a day honoring the birth, enlightenment, and passing of Buddha in Dharamsala, HP, India on May 21, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
After meeting for discussions at his residence, His Holiness the Dalai Lama joins a group of visiting Thai monks for lunch in Dharamsala, HP, India on May 20, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
Modern education with its focus on material goals and a disregard for inner values is incomplete. There is a need to know about the workings of our minds and emotions. If we start today and make an effort to educate those who are young now in inner values, they will see a different, peaceful, more compassionate world in the future.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with kitchen staff of his hotel during a break in his teachings in Osaka, Japan on May 12, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama reaching out to a robot on his way to lunch on the first day of his four day teaching in Osaka, Japan on May 10, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama playfully thanking the crew after the NHK television interview in Osaka, Japan on May 9, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama is greeted by old friends on his arrival at Narita Airport at the start of a six day visit to Japan on May 8, 2016. (Photo by Jeremy Russell/OHHDL)
Scientists have shown that even infants who are too young to talk can distinguish between illustrations of harmful and helpful behaviour and respond positively to help and negatively to harm. They conclude that basic human nature is compassionate. And this gives us hope.
Victoria from Nigeria and Issa from Iraq look on as His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers cookies to Noria from Afghanistan during the tea break of the dialogue with United States Institute of Peace (USIP) Youth Leaders held at his residence in Dharamsala, India on May 3, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
Change must start with the individual. Building on inner strength and self-confidence we can develop the warm-heartedness that fosters concern for the welfare of others. Of course we have self-interest, but we should pursue our self-interest wisely by thinking of others, not foolishly and narrowly concerned only for ourselves.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with graduates of the Tibetan Studies, Tibetan History and Tibetan Literature programs at the College for Higher Tibetan Studies (CHTS) at Sarah in Dharamsala, HP, India on April 26, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
Although I am a Buddhist monk, I am sceptical that prayers alone will achieve world peace. We need instead to be enthusiastic and self-confident in taking action.
Taking care of this planet that is our only home is not just the responsibility of governments and large organizations, although of course they have a role. The whole of humanity, each of us as individuals has a responsibility. We have to consider seriously whether we can indefinitely keep up the materialistic way of life we've got used to.
Happiness depends on inner peace, which depends on warm-heartedness. There's no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. A calm mind and self-confidence are the basis for peaceful relations with others. Scientists have observed that constant anger and fear eat away at our immune system, whereas a calm mind strengthens it. Changing the world for the better begins with individuals creating inner peace within themselves.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama interacting with young children on his arrival at the American Embassy School in New Delhi, India on April 8, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
I believe that thinking only of our own comfort and peace to the neglect of other troubles in the world is immoral. The time has come for us to consider seriously how to change our way of life, not through prayer or religious teaching, but through education. Since moral education is sometimes only superficial, we need to devise a systematic approach to exploring inner values and ways to create a more peaceful world.
We live in a materialistic world that pays insufficient attention to human values. We seek satisfaction in material things instead of warm-heartedness. But human beings are social animals. We need friendship and that depends on trust. Building trust requires concern for others and defending their rights, not doing them harm. Friendship is directly linked to warm-heartedness, which is also good for our physical health.
Just as heat dispels cold, loving-kindness counters anger. We need to learn how to counter our various emotions. Distraction is just a temporary measure. The longer lasting remedy is to be able to see positive qualities in something or someone you otherwise see as negative. Since there is rarely any justification for destructive emotions, we need to become aware of what gives rise to them and what the antidotes are.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with the Indian National Women's Cricket Team during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on March 23, 2016. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor/OHHDL)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama talks about how we all can contribute to a better and more compassionate humanity in the short clip from his talk to the staff of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, USA on February 29, 2016. The full program can be viewed at https://youtu.be/82Ig6UkPAqI
Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren't measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and our emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent.
In my experience, what we need is a calm mind and warm-heartedness provides a basis for that. That's how we make ourselves happy as individuals in families, local communities and nations. I believe that if we can train those who are young today in these qualities the world will be a more peaceful place later in this century.
The Dude will face ANYONE at ANYTIME!
The first WWE Raw as the WWE World Heavyweight Champion... NOTHING like it!
The official changing of the #WWE World Heavyweight Championship title plates!
The calm before the VICTORY.
The #MITB briefcase is begging to end up in The Ambrose Asylum!
ANOTHER win for #TheLunaticFringe... the #MITB briefcase is within reach! #RAW
Don't count the LUNATIC out, Seth Rollins & Roman Reigns... #RAW
You never know when the #LunaticFringe will strike! #WWECollegeStation
The #AmbroseAsylum was as LOUD AS EVER at #WWEWaco!
At the end of it all... the #LunaticFringe STOOD TALL on #SmackDown!
Anywhere, anytime, Brock Lesnar...
ESPN SportsCenter becomes the #AmbroseAsylum tonight at 9/8c. #ESPNews
The #LunaticFringe is doing JUST FINE, Kevin Owens! #RAW
Sami Zayn is a great tag team partner, but come #MITB it's every man for HIMSELF! #SmackDown
Very good teamwork, boys! #RAW
The 2016 #MITB Ladder Match is going to be FUN! #SmackDown

#MITB in Las Vegas? It's gonna get crazy... #RAW
Once you enter the asylum, there's no escaping.... #ExtremeRules
The #AmbroseAsylum was ON FIRE at #WWEReading!
Just a few more hours till Chris Jericho sees what REAL lunacy is! #ExtremeRules
Wearing Chris Jericho's jacket is almost as fun as destroying it.... ALMOST
The Asylum is calling The #LunaticFringe's name.... #ExtremeRules
In honor of my fallen plant comrade, Mitch, GameStop is running a special promotion on WWE SuperCard SuperToken for $4.99. http://bit.ly/1ThDX6f
Welcome to the REAL #AmbroseAsylum, Chris Jericho! #RAW
Watch out Chris, not even a straitjacket can hold down The #LunaticFringe! #SmackDown
A jacket for a jacket... #SmackDown

HOW DARE Chris Jericho put his hands on Mitch!!!! #RIPMitch #RAW
The #AmbroseAsylum is OPEN at #CampWWE!
Thanks for stopping by the #AmbroseAsylum, Chris Jericho! #WWEPayback
Chris Jericho just guaranteed himself a one-way ticket to the #AmbroseAsylum... and NOT the talk show! #WWEPayback
They'll no apologizing for the beating in store for Chris Jericho at #WWEPayback!
The #LunaticFringe NEVER apologizes!!! #RAW
STILL not apologizing.... #RAW
Well, SOMEBODY needed to bring the lunacy to #CampWWE. Tune in immediately following #WWEPayback, only on WWE Network.
How'd you like the first official episode of The #AmbroseAsylum? #RAW
Chris Jericho's Highlight Reel has been canceled....   WELCOME TO THE #AmbroseAsylum!!!!! #Raw
#TheLunaticFringe is coming to Cricket Wireless in Chula Vista, CA! Tag your pics with #STSA—you could see one on THIS page: mycrk.it/WWE_ChulaVista #ad
#TheLunaticFringe > #PrincePretty. #SmackDown
EXCLUSIVE: Welcome to the #AmbroseAsylum, AT&T Stadium... #WrestleMania
Go ahead.  Listen to that voice... #WhatAreYouWaitingFor
The UNHINGED will survive at WWE WrestleMania!
#TheBeast is in for a rude awakening tomorrow at The Showcase of the Immortals.
The Lunatic Fringe has his hands full at WrestleMania with The Beast. Perhaps he should take a note from his Elite Series 41 figure from Mattel and bring his cop hat and nightsticks from his battle with the Authority!
Listen to the little Dean Ambrose voice inside YOUR head.... #WhatAreYouWaitingFor

Soon... all these seats will be FILLED!
Alright, #AmbroseAsylum. Who's ready to meet #TheLunaticFringe? #Stars4Hope
WWE WrestleMania is ALWAYS a fun time for #TheLunaticFringe!
Is that ALL you got, Brock Lesnar?!? #SmackDown
THIS is how you train to teach Brock Lesnar what a REAL Street Fight is like... http://po.st/3cT7pp
Puppies > People. #NationalPuppyDay
How does a LUNATIC prepare to fight a BEAST on The Grandest Stage of Them All? Find out tomorrow on WWE.com... #WrestleManiaWorkout
Thanks again, Terry! #RAW
This thing still works...and it has Brock Lesnar's name on it! #WrestleMania
I'm on a new WWE SuperToken for WWE SuperCard. Track it down at your nearest GameStop and use it to unlock this new Ultra Rare card and more in-game. Read more on WWE SuperTokens here: http://2kgam.es/1Re7M3J
The #AmbroseAsylum TOOK OVER #WWEBinghamton...
In two weeks... #TheLunaticFringe is bringing the Cincinnati fight!
Brock Lesnar is in for a Cincinnati education. #SmackDown
It would be wrong to waste a perfectly good Kendo Stick... #SmackDown
The streets leave NO ROOM for FEAR.
#TheBeast Brock Lesnar is in for a rude awakening when The #LunaticFringe steps up to the plate...
A hardcore gift from The Hardcore Legend... #RAW
#TheLunaticFringe is always ready for a fight. Anytime. Anywhere. #RAW
This isn't the end of the road for #TheLunaticFringe...
Triple H can get what's coming to him in the PC version of #WWE2K16…Get your copy here: http://bit.ly/1YRrV2e
One more stop before #WWERoadblock... #SmackDown
Daniel Bryan, you'll always be welcome in the #AmbroseAsylum. #FBF
#TBT to my slightly more stable WWE NXT days.
What are YOU waiting for? #FreeWrestleMania
When women support each other, we accomplish amazing things. Celebrate the women who #LeanInTogether with you and visit makers.com/leanin for everyday tips for lifting each other up.
Don't forget to vote on Thursday, no excuses! x #Euref
Just watched powerful doc The Mask You Live In - 2015, available now on Netflix UK. Have you seen it? What did you think?   http://therepresentationproject.org/film/the-mask-you-live-in/   x
UK facebookers! Don't lose your vote! Register to vote before midnight (BST) tomorrow.   https://www.gov.uk/register-to-vote  #EUref #ReadyToVote
June. #OurSharedShelf #Persepolis #MarjaneSatrapi  https://www.goodreads.com/group/show/179584-our-shared-shelf
After watching VICELAND's series WOMAN (and specifically the episode on Zambia) I am pledging my support to Camfed the Campaign for Female Education. You can watch the documentary (North America only, coming to UK in the Autumn...), learn more and make a donation via viceland.com/woman #BeAWitness x
#BeOurGuest


Thank you Calvin Klein & Eco Age for collaborating with me and creating the most amazing gown. I am proud to say it is truly sustainable and represents a connection between myself and all the people in the supply chain who played a role in creating it.   The body of the gown is crafted from three different fabrics, all woven from yarns made from recycled plastic bottles (!). Plastic is one of the biggest pollutants on the planet. Being able to repurpose this waste and incorporate it into my gown for the  #MetGala proves the power that creativity, technology and fashion can have by working together.   Each and every part of this beautiful gown has been produced with sustainability in mind, even the components that you can't see. The zippers on the gown are made from recycled materials and the inner bustier has been crafted from organic cotton. Conventional cotton is one of the highest impact crops, using more chemicals than any other crop in the world. Organic cotton on the other hand, is grown without the use of the most harmful chemicals and is therefore better for the environment and people working with cotton. The organic silk used in the lining of my gown is certified to a standard that guarantees the highest environmental and social standards throughout production. It is my intention to repurpose elements of the gown for future use. The trousers can be worn on their own, as can the bustier, the train can be used for a future red carpet look… I'm looking forward to experimenting with this. Truly beautiful things should be worn again and again and again. #30wears  I hope you like it! The ultimate #30Wears! #MetGala2016   Emma xx
Emma before this evening's White House Correspondents' Dinner in Washington DC.
Emma speaks to Geena Davis in the new issue of Interview Magazine!
Thank you to Screen Media Films and iTunes Movies who have decided to donate a percentage of all Colonia rentals and sales to HeForShe!  (USA only, via this link only: apple.co/1S3zgfO)
Photograph by Carter Bowman.
Part four...
Part three...
Part two...
Watch my interview with the wonderful Lin-Manuel Miranda, creater, writer and star of Hamilton the Musical, for UN Women HeForShe Arts Week here! x  Part one...


Emma launching UN Women's HeForShe #ArtsWeek!
Watch the launch of HeForShe #ArtsWeek at 8:30AM EST / 1:30PM GMT, on the link below.
This is the face of a very proud & happy lady. Thank you Alex Bilmes, Aziz Ansari, Caitlin Moran, Tom Hanks & Amy Aronson!  Esquire UK #HeForShe
Esquire UK meets Emma.  #HeForShe
Emma and Gloria Steinem in conversation (part three)  #MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf HeForShe
Emma and Gloria Steinem in conversation (part two)  #MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf HeForShe
Emma and Gloria Steinem in conversation (part one)  #MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf HeForShe
So excited to reveal the cover of Esquire UK's Women & Men issue! Featuring Tom Hanks and me!  The mag features 26 pages on why the fight for gender equality involves us all, and has contributions from Caitlin Moran, Aziz Ansari and others!  http://www.esquire.co.uk/culture/news/a9612/emma-watson-esquire-men-woman-issue/  HeForShe UN Women
It was such an honour to interview Gloria Steinem on Wednesday! #MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf
Whoa, big moves by the Oklahoma City Thunder and Orlando Magic:
5th pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Kris Dunn of the Minnesota Timberwolves.  Submit your questions!
3rd pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Jaylen Brown of the Boston Celtics.  Submit your questions!
4th pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Dragan Bender of the Phoenix Suns.  Submit your questions!
2nd pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Brandon Ingram of the LA Lakers.  Submit your questions!
6th pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Buddy Hield of the New Orleans Pelicans.  Submit your questions!
7th pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Jamal Murray of the Denver Nuggets.  Submit your questions!
1st pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, Ben Simmons of the Philadelphia 76ers.  Submit your questions!
After adding Derrick Rose, more help could be on the way for the New York Knicks.
"If you win in Boston you'll be loved forever."  —Isaiah Thomas
The New York Knicks' Twitter account welcomed Derrick Rose to New York by roasting the Chicago Bulls ... then thought better of it.
We'll be live right here on Facebook with some of the top NBA draftees throughout the night. Submit your fan questions here, and we'll pass the best along to them.
He's built a career out of getting inside the heads of top NBA draft prospects:
Thaddeus Young is headed to the Indiana Pacers for this year's 20th overall pick and a future second-round pick.
What could have been ...

At 56 years old, Greg Louganis is still nailing dives and opening up for the #BodyIssue:
Cristiano Ronaldo was brilliant for Portugal against Hungary.   But that won't be enough in the knockout stage.
Joakim Noah? Dwight Howard? Pau Gasol? Kevin Durant?  The New York Knicks' trade for Derrick Rose shifts the club's free-agency priorities — both for this summer and beyond.
No one is safe from NBA impersonator Brandon Armstrong.  Not even a three-time champion.
Did anyone out-shine Dimitri Payet?
After both sides met Monday, the showdown has been tabled until at least the fall of 2017.
You saw the shot.   Now see what happened all around it.
Changes at the top.   A shuffle in the lottery.   Get caught up here:
In one moment, 52 years of heartache was wiped away -- and secured LeBron James' legacy in the hearts and minds of everyone in Cleveland.
Chris Mortensen will be awarded the Pro Football Writers of America's highest honor at the 2016 Hall of Fame enshrinement ceremony.
If you come at the MVP, you best not miss.   Or, at least have the right spelling.
The projected No. 1 pick says he has a handle on his future.   But what happens when he realizes it's not all under his control?
"I'm nothing without you all. I love all of y'all. Get ready for next year."  —LeBron James
The former Dallas Cowboys running back has been charged with threatening a deputy while jailed on other charges.
Translation: Goal, Iceland.
The Atlanta Hawks will reportedly send Jeff Teague to the Indiana Pacers as part of a three-team deal that includes the Utah Jazz.
The Undefeated breaks down JR Smith's incredible week, from clutch shots to shirtless clubbing:
If the Australian phenom goes first in the NBA draft, the Philadelphia 76ers could be getting a player with a historically rare combination of size and passing ability.
We didn't know some of these muscles existed on the human body:
The world No. 4 said he came to the realization that "my health and my family's health comes before anything else."
"I know what I'm capable of. I believe I'm the best player in this draft."
"You take some of these assets and that pick and you go out big-game hunting."
The Boston Celtics have been pursuing deals for the No. 3 pick leading up to Thursday NBA Draft.
On June 2 four years ago, the chase finally ended.   LeBron James won his first NBA title with the Miami Heat.
Dirk Nowitzki will become a free agent as of July 1, but that doesn't mean he's looking to play elsewhere.
Despite the Rockets' efforts to convince him to remain in Houston, Dwight Howard will become a free agent.
Five active players. Twenty WNBA legends.
Whoa.
He did it with one of the best free kicks you'll ever see.
"He has a chance to go down as one of the top-three greatest players who ever lived."
Most NHL free agent classes lack star power.   This one is loaded.
Vontaze Burfict or Jason Witten as a coach? It could happen, write our NFL Nation reporters.
The top two picks seem set, but a shake-up in the top five has ESPN insider Chad Ford's 9.1 mock draft looking pretty intriguing: es.pn/28N2qR6
You saw the block.   Now see everything that happened around it.
"What I never saw was a game in which it was not obvious the best player on the court was Michael Jordan. We've seen that with LeBron too many times."
The former Dolphins and Browns receiver was arrested at his home after allegedly getting into a standoff with police.
Chad Ford gives us the scoop on what teams will do while Jay Bilas tells us what they should do.
After 10 years of one-and-done NBA draft prospects, we thought about a world where players stayed in college for three or four years.  The would-be rosters are pretty daunting. You pick the best:
The Golden State Warriors could enter next year with Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant on the same lineup:
Dwyane Wade will grace the cover of the 2016 Body Issue.   The issue drops July 6.
Dwyane Wade overcame his fear of posing nude in the Body Issue.  His photos:
"I can put on a few pounds pretty fast. I love to eat. I'm a fat boy at heart, man, when I'm eating. To me that's kind of like my happy place: a great burger, fries and a Coke."
It's official.   These athletes (and more!) will bare all in ESPN the Magazine's Body Issue. Full roster here: http://es.pn/28M9omK
The dark cloud over the city of Cleveland has been lifted, so the infamous Cleveland Browns jersey is retiring. (via Tim Brokaw)
"I don't have time to figure out what he did or didn't mean."
It's safe to say Rihanna is a LeBron James fan:
"He wasn't the [Stephen Curry] that we know and love ..."
Inside the Cavaliers' locker room, where the scene is electric after Cleveland earned its first title.
It's time to settle this thing.   Game 7 is LIVE on ABC/WatchESPN.
Game 7 is just around the corner on ABC. Here's the scene outside of Oracle Arena ahead of tip-off.
The Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors have each scored 610 total points in the NBA Finals.   The tie gets broken tonight. 8 ET on ABC.
Oakmont has long held the reputation as one of the toughest courses in the world:
"When I played League at first, I was bronze."
Will LeBron James win another NBA Finals MVP award?
As good as it gets?
Of course the Honey Badger made the list:
"I never thought I'd be saying this about Golden State, but I think Golden State's gotta be confident."
"Big Shot Bob" for the Game 5 win.
Chills:
An ex-Vanderbilt football player was found guilty on multiple counts of aggravated rape and aggravated sexual battery. He was also convicted of one count of unlawful photography:
In 2010, the city of Cleveland was forced to forget "The Player Who Left":
"I can't die now. I've got to get back and play ball next week."
"It's my own nickname. It's my alter ego. I gave it to myself. That's something I did. I'm just like that. I'm that type of dude."
Game 7 awaits.   History is on the Golden State Warriors' side, but the present favors the Cleveland Cavaliers.

It all comes down to this.   Our experts make their predictions for Game 7.
Darron Lee's mom has a new gig:
It's time.   Part 5 of #OJMadeInAmerica starts right now on ESPN/here:

"We've got a verdict!"   Don't miss the fifth and final part of "O.J.: Made In America" tonight at 9 ET on ESPN.
"That doesn't take any spotlight off what my job is on the floor and what these next 48 minutes are going to be like in Game 7."
U.S. Soccer is in the Copa America semis for the first time since 1995.  Now the real challenge begins for their coach:
It all comes down to this.
End of an era for the Detroit Red Wings:
It's been 52 years since Cleveland's last championship.   In Sunday's Game 7 (8 p.m. ET on ABC), LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers hope to a city that's never stopped believing.


The New York Knicks have had internal discussions about trading for the former MVP, per league sources.
Croatia will face action from UEFA after their match against Czech Republic was delayed due to fan behavior.
The landmark decision that punishes the world power for systematic doping was upheld.
He's 19, and his backstory is complex as ever.  But his unconventional path to the league just might pay off.
With this goal, Italy National Football Team officially advance to the knockout stage of Euro 2016.
The latest indicator for who the Philadelphia 76ers may take with the No. 1 pick in the NBA Draft.
For the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors, the roles have been reversed heading into Game 7.   Now LeBron James and the Cavs sit one game away from the ultimate payback.
"I was booing Curry as he got his sixth foul. His mouthpiece hit me in the face and he was actually very polite."
The last time Mike Miller saw this kind of LeBron James was with the Miami Heat in 2012.  "He ain't gonna lose."
Stephen Curry was fined for throwing his mouthpiece into the crowd, and coach Steve Kerr was fined for his remarks about the officiating.
All eyes are on Stephen Curry right now for all the wrong reasons.   But the reigning MVP can still be the hero in Game 7:
An NBA official said security was on alert during Game 6 for a credential con artist and mistook Ayesha Curry's father for the man.
Everyone had something to say about Game 6, including Ayesha Curry:
"It's not fake. It's not, 'We'll get it next year.' It's, 'We can do this.' Let's do this."
"I'm just proud of him for making the championship without getting kicked off the team."
Less than an hour until Game 6 tips on ABC, and Amin Elhassan is gauging how Cavs fans feel ahead of this season's last game at The Q:
The Sports Humanitarian of the Year Awards honor those who use the power of sports to make a positive impact on society.   Here are this year's nominees:
He's never won the U.S. Open Championship, but he's had six near misses over the past 15 years:
What a response from Jayson Werth:

"At the end of the day, everyone is going to have their opinion on it and it don't matter anymore."   —Draymond Green

Kevin Love for Carmelo Anthony?   It could happen, says Mike Greenberg:
How well do you remember the NBA Finals stars of the past?
"I'm sure you mess this up all the time: there, their, they're. There are three of them."
He's never played a single down for a team at any level, not even pee wee:

Part 2 of ESPN 30 for 30's "O.J.: Made In America" is live on ESPN and WatchESPN:

What would the NBA look like with D'Angelo Russell in Boston, Jimmy Butler in Minnesota, or Carmelo Anthony alongside LeBron James in Cleveland?   Let's find out.
"I like to eat and then her being pregnant gave me an excuse to eat, so eating anything and everything."
First, Odell Beckham Jr wanted to be at the center of the discussion.  Now, he hates what a distraction it can be.
The San Diego Chargers' top pick hasn't reported due to an apparent contract dispute.
Cam Newton or Usher?
Unstoppable.
BREAKING: Dunga is out as Brazil's coach after his team failed to get out of the group stage at Copa América Centenario 2016:
"Don't ever be left alone with him. You don't know what he's capable of."
Game recognize game.
On this date in 1997, Steve Kerr gave the Chicago Bulls back-to-back championships.  Can he do it again as a coach? Find out at 9 p.m. ET on ABC.
"Force them to call fouls on you. And if not? You are a b----."
Not everyone gets to hang out with Jennifer Aniston or Dwayne The Rock Johnson during the offseason:
That time Chad Johnson took 85 Cleveland Browns fans out for a steak dinner:
1. Chicago Cubs 2. Washington Nationals 3. Boston Red Sox 4. Texas Rangers 5. San Francisco Giants 6-30: ?
"I think it's another hit for us as Americans and what we have to deal with in our world today."
Pretty efficient at-bat for the pinch hitter:
BREAKING: Draymond Green has been assessed a Flagrant 1 foul after Friday's incident with LeBron James.
What happens when LeBron James, the Cleveland Cavaliers owner and Donald Trump walk into the same arena?
Game 4's incident between LeBron James and Draymond Green could have a serious impact on the NBA Finals:
Goal, Croatia!  Turkey 0-1 Croatia at the half. #EURO2016
Relive the late drama and best moments from day two of Euro 2016:
#OJMadeInAmerica Director Ezra Edelman joins Clinton Yates to break down Part 1 in O.J.: Made In America Live, presented by Jason Bourne.
What can you expect once NBA free agency rolls around?   Our NBA Insiders give you the scoop:
"It's just never enough."  —Kevin Love
#OJMadeInAmerica Part 1 is just minutes away! Director Ezra Edleman and The Undefeated's Clinton Yates tell you what to look for in O.J.: Made In America Live, presented by Jason Bourne.
It's almost time for ESPN 30 for 30's "OJ: Made In America."  Catch the series premiere Saturday on ABC at 9 p.m. ET.
"He doesn't get a fair whistle all the time because of his strength and because of his power and guys bounce off of him. But those are still fouls, and we weren't able to get them."
According to a source, Breshad Perriman will visit Dr. James Andrews to determine whether he'll need season-ending surgery.
Von Miller isn't happy with the way the Denver Broncos are handling his contract situation.
The scuffle between LeBron James and Draymond Green could have major implications for Game 5.
Hockey legend Gordie Howe's visitation and funeral will be open to the public:
Text messages show Brock Turner discussing using LSD and ecstasy and smoking marijuana and dabs of butane hash oil from as early as April 2014:
Riot police dispersed a crowd displaying unruly behavior in a square in Marseille, France, one of the host cities for UEFA EURO:
In Game 5 of the 1997 NBA Finals, 19 years ago today, Michael Jordan dropped 38 points while battling the flu.  What drama will Game 5 bring us next? Find out Monday night on ABC.
Stephen Curry doesn't care what you think about his new shoes:
The wait is almost over.  ESPN 30 for 30's "OJ: Made In America" premieres Saturday at 9 p.m. ET on ABC:
Martin Jones made 44 saves Thursday to help send the San Jose Sharks back home for Game 6:
"OJ: Made In America", an ESPN 30 for 30 documentary series, premieres Saturday at 9 p.m. ET on ABC:
It happened 19 years ago:
His advice seems simple enough:
Add Russell Westbrook to the list of NBA stars who won't be in Rio.
With the team reeling, Jimmy Rollins was designated for assignment while top prospect Tim Anderson has been promoted.
Under 15 Prof. Roma-Vicenza e Genoa-Atalanta le semifinali domenica alle 18. clicca per i risultati degli Allievi e Giovanissimi Dilettanti
Nazionale Beach Soccer: domani l'esordio con la Svizzera nell'Eurocup http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533063/2016/06/News.shtml
Euro 2016: Verso Italia-Spagna: terminata la seduta di allenamento a Montpellier http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533064/2016/06/News.shtml
Euro 2016: l'allenamento degli Azzurri a Montpellier
Under 17 Lega Pro, finale Pisa-Pavia (0-3)
Allenamento nel pomeriggio a Montpellier. Ancora ottimi ascolti in tv per gli Azzurri http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533053/2016/06/News.shtml
Questa mattina riunione tecnica con le società Allievi e Giovanissimi Dilettanti. Oggi prima giornata delle finali Nazionali
Gli highlights della finale Under 17 Lega Pro Pisa-Pavia 0-3
Dalle 14 in vendita un nuovo quantitativo di biglietti per Italia-Spagna http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533051/2016/06/News.shtml
Euro 2016, Conte: "Ho poco da rimproverare ai ragazzi, ora recuperiamo le energie" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533048/2016/06/News.shtml
Euro 2016: Brady condanna l'Italia alla prima sconfitta: l'Irlanda vola con gli Azzurri agli ottavi http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533047/2016/06/News.shtml
Euro 2016, Italia-Irlanda
A "Casa Azzurri" on tour, a Lille, il prepartita di Italia - Irlanda
Oggi a #Coverciano è salito in cattedra un docente d'eccezione: Luciano #Spalletti. Il tecnico dell' AS Roma ha tenuto una lezione agli allievi #allenatori dei corsi UEFA A e UEFA Pro: "Qui si offre una formazione unica. Coverciano non offre soltanto la possibilità di essere scelti; Coverciano ti fa scegliere". #LaCasaDelCalcio  Per tutti i dettagli --> http://bit.ly/28WWAtl
EURO 2016 In vendita sul sito UEFA gli ultimi biglietti per Italia-Spagna del 27 giugno http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533038/2016/06/News.shtml
Oggi, presso i locali della Technogym, incontro con i ragazzi delle Finali Under 15 Prof sui pericoli del doping. Un'iniziativa organizzata dalla Commissione Antidoping della Figc in collaborazione col Settore Giovanile e Scolastico
RESPONSABILITÀ SOCIALE Raccolta fondi per Special Olympics: all'asta la maglia autografata di Buffon http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533030/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Stasera a Lille Italia-Irlanda: gli Azzurri a caccia del terzo successo nel girone http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533026/2016/06/News.shtml


Giovanissimi Nazionali, Final Eight, Pescara - Palermo 0-2
La Nazionale di Beach Soccer prepara a Gaeta la stagione 2016: in programma Eurocup a Belgrado, Euroleague (finali a Catania) e FIFA Qualifier (a Jesolo). Ieri sera la visita del compositore Umberto Scipione, autore di colonne sonore di molti film di successo.
Agli ottavi di finale sarà Italia-Spagna: il 27 giugno in campo a Saint-Denis http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533025/2016/06/News.shtml
Foto di gruppo per la Nazionale Under 19 Femminile in stage a Bagno di Romagna (classe 1998-1999).
Seconda giornata delle Finali Under 15 prof Girone 1. Cesena-Atalanta 0-1 (56'Traore); Empoli-Roma 2-1(8' e 30'Bertolini (E), 23' Riccardi) Classifica: Atalanta 6, Empoli e Roma 3, Cesena 0 Girone 2. Genoa-Vicenza 1-1 (4' De Rigo,  65' Malltezi); Pescara-Palermo 0-2 (10' Caffaro, 26' Castiglione), 26'  Classifica: Genoa 4, Città di Palermo 3, Vicenza 2, Delfino Pescara 1
La Supercoppa all'Atalanta. Supera 3-0 il Pavia e chiude così la stagione dell'Under 17 http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533023/2016/06/News.shtml
Conte predica umiltà: "Tengo molto a questa partita, non perdiamo la strada maestra" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533021/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 La Nazionale è arrivata a Lille. Per gli Azzurri sopralluogo allo stadio 'Pierre Mauroy' http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533020/2016/06/News.shtml
Al Manuzzi di Cesena, alle 18, c'è la Supercoppa. La sfida è tra l'Atalanta, campione d'Italia Under 17 A e B e il Pavia, campione d'Italia Under 17 Lega Pro
Pavia campione d'Italia Under 17 Lega Pro (Pisa-Pavia 0-3). Oggi Atalanta Pavia per la SUPERCOPPA. Alle 18, al Manuzzi di Cesena
Finali Under 15 Prof. Atalanta-Empoli 5-0 (21' Piccoli, 26' Kichinda, 41' Okoli, 46' Traore, 50' Boafò). Gli highlights
Campionato Nazionale Under 15, Cesena - Roma
EURO 2016 Giovedì sul palco di 'Casa Azzurri' l'esibizione del comico Andrea Perroni http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533017/2016/06/News.shtml
Euro 2016 - Azzurri in campo per la rifinitura a Montpellier, nel pomeriggio la partenza per Lille http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533014/2016/06/News.shtml
Da oggi fino a venerdì, nuova settimana di lezione per gli aspiranti #allenatori professionisti UEFA A. Nelle aule del Centro Tecnico Federale di Coverciano, gli allievi seguiranno i vari corsi per abilitarsi e poter guidare così le prime squadre fino alla #LegaPro inclusa. #Coverciano #LaCasaDelCalcio --> http://bit.ly/28Kw31T
Under 17 A e B: Atalanta campione d'Italia
L'intervista di Rita Guarino sull'Under 17 femminile pubblicata da Sportdonna.
Finali Under 15 Prof. Roma-Cesena 4-1 (21' Manara (C), 29' Barbarossa (R), 37' Cangiano (R), 42', 50' Riccardi (R)
Finali Under 15 Pro. I risultati della prima giornata http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533010/2016/06/News.shtml
Finale Under 17 Lega Pro. Pisa-Pavia 0-3. Pavia campione d'Italia. Fair play del Pisa http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533009/2016/06/News.shtml
Rivivi la finale scudetto Under 17 Atalanta - Inter: gli highlights del successo bergamasco.
Euro 2016 - Zaza: "Nel mio gioco c'è un pizzico di follia, spero di scendere in campo con l'Irlanda" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533005/2016/06/News.shtml
Finale scudetto Under 17 Lega Pro. Alle 18.30, in diretta streaming  Pisa-Pavia https://youtu.be/L5OLgbQg_IM
Euro 2016 - De Rossi: "Abbiamo la difesa più forte del Mondo, Conte è il nostro valore aggiunto" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533004/2016/06/News.shtml
Oggi nella sala stampa del Cesena, riunione tecnica con le squadre finaliste del campionato Under 15 Prof
Finali giovanili. Come ieri con Atalanta e Inter, oggi l'in bocca al lupo del presidente del Settore Giovanile Scolastico, Vito Tisci alle finalisteUnder 17 Lega Pro, Pisa e Pavia
EURO 2016 Verso Italia-Irlanda: Buffon si allena in palestra, ancora lavoro differenziato per Candreva http://www.figc.it/it/204/2533000/2016/06/News.shtml
Mancano solo due settimane di lezione alla fine del Master UEFA Pro: poi appuntamento a settembre, per gli esami finali, quando sapremo chi otterrà l'abilitazione definitiva per poter guidare squadre della Serie A TIM e della Lega B  Nel frattempo gli allievi sono tornati in aula a #Coverciano #LaCasaDelCalcio  --> http://bit.ly/28IEDf7
Under 15 Prof. Iniziano oggi le fasi finali in Emilia Romagna
Under 17 Lega Pro. Oggi diretta streaming della finale scudetto Pisa-Pavia sul sito della Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio. Fischio d'inizio, 18.30 https://youtu.be/L5OLgbQg_IM

Finali Under 17 A e B. Atalanta-Inter 2-1 (28' st Merola (I), 41' st Bastoni (A), 6' sts Melegoni (A). L' Atalanta è campione d'Italia! Corridoio per i vincitori: emozionante il gesto di fair play dei giocatori dell'Inter http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532994/2016/06/News.shtml
Le piattaforme social network FIGC ancora  protagoniste a #UEFAEURO con eccellenti dati di traffico e interazione. Grazie!!!

Marco Parolo si racconta a www.figc.it
La Nazionale si allena sotto il sole: assente Buffon, lavoro differenziato per Candreva  La pioggia e il vento gelido di ieri hanno lasciato spazio al sole, che ha riscaldato gli Azzurri durante la seduta di questa mattina sul campo del centro sportivo 'Bernard Gasset'. Dopo il pomeriggio e la serata libera concessi da Antonio Conte, la squadra è tornata ad allenarsi agli ordini del Ct: unici assenti Gigi Buffon, rimasto in albergo per via di qualche linea di febbre, e Antonio Candreva, che ha svolto lavoro differenziato con l'obiettivo di recuperare al più presto dall'infortunio all'adduttore destro rimediato nel match con la Svezia.  http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532989/2016/06/News.shtml
Anche Tavecchio e Conte a 'Casa Azzurri' per il concerto di Alex Britti  http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532988/2016/06/News.shtml
Azzurri già sicuri del primo posto: il 27 giugno ottavi di finale a Saint Denis http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532984/2016/06/News.shtml
Alex Britti incontra la Nazionale: stasera il cantautore romano in concerto a 'Casa Azzurri' http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532983/2016/06/News.shtml
http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532982/2016/06/News.shtml
Semifinali Under 17 Serie A e B. Juventus-Atalanta 2-3. Gli highlights
Finali Under 17 A e B. Roma-Inter 1-2 (30' Marcucci (R), 62' Pinamonti (R), 75' Merola)
Under 17 A e B. Juventus-Atalanta 2-3 (6' Colpani (A), 44'e 76' Kean (J), 75' Szabo, 10'st suppl. Bastoni)
Finali giovanili.Inter-Atalanta e Pisa-Pavia le finali Under 17 A e B e Lega Pro  http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532980/2016/06/News.shtml
Le foto dei piccoli tifosi dell'Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Gesù.
L'esultanza dei bambini dell' #OspedalePediatricoBambinoGesu' che hanno seguito insieme la partita degli Azzurri. #Itaswe
EURO 2016 Conte: "Viviamo un sogno". L'appello del Ct ai tifosi: "Venite allo stadio in maglia azzurra" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532975/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Un gran gol di Eder fa volare l'Italia agli ottavi, sfatato il tabù della seconda partita http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532973/2016/06/News.shtml
Ultimo allenamento a #Coverciano per la Nazionale #Under19 di Paolo Vanoli; termina così anche la seconda settimana di stage al Centro Tecnico Federale. Ecco alcune foto direttamente dall'allenamento di questa mattina.  #LaCasaDelCalcio
Under 17 Serie A e B e Lega Pro. Oggi le semifinali. UNDER 17 SERIE A e B (20.30): Roma-Internazionale (Morgagni – Forlì (FC) Arbitro il sig. Gualtieri di Asti; Juventus-Atalanta (Orogel Stadium D.Manuzzi – Cesena (FC), Arbitro il sig. Maranesi di Ciampino UNDER 17 LEGA PRO (18.30): Martina Franca-Pisa (Bucci – Russi (RA), Arbitro il sig. Donda di Cormons; Pavia-Albinoleffe (Bolognini – Castel Bolognese (RA), Arbitro il sig. Copat di Pordenone.  Vai sul sito del Settore Giovanile e Scolastico http://www.campionatigiovanili.it/
L'in bocca al lupo dei bambini dell'Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Gesù agli Azzurri in vista di Italia - Svezia.
EURO 2016 Verso Italia-Svezia: Azzurri arrivati a Tolosa e subito in campo per un rapido sopralluogo http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532968/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Conte: "Non farò grandi cambiamenti, la qualificazione è il nostro primo obiettivo" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532966/2016/06/News.shtml
Sta per terminare a Coverciano la seconda settimana di stage per l'#Under19 guidata da Paolo #Vanoli; domani ultimo giorno al Centro Tecnico Federale. Nelle foto: alcune immagini tratte dall'allenamento di oggi pomeriggio  #Coverciano #LaCasaDelCalcio
Tempo di #Euro2016 anche a #Coverciano: sotto le indicazioni del Direttore Renzo #Ulivieri, gli allievi del Master UEFA Pro studiano le mosse tattiche dei due allenatori in Inghilterra-Galles. #ENGWAL  #LaCasaDelCalcio
EURO 2016 Azzurri al lavoro a Montpellier, nel pomeriggio la partenza per Tolosa http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532957/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Azzurri al lavoro a Montpellier, nel pomeriggio la partenza per Tolosa http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532957/2016/06/News.shtml
L'astronauta Luca Parmitano ha incontrato la Nazionale nel raduno di Montpellier.
Under 17 A e B. Roma-Fiorentina 2-1. Gli highlights
Finali Under 17 A e B. Juventus-Inter 3-0. Gli highlights
EURO 2016 Esplode la passione dei tifosi Azzurri: su Facebook e Twitter numeri da record http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532945/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Candreva: "Nessun calcolo, pensiamo a qualificarci". Florenzi: "La maglia azzurra unisce" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532942/2016/06/News.shtml
Si è concluso a #Coverciano il ritiro della Nazionale #Under17 femminile. Ultimo giorno dedicato ad una partita a ranghi contrapposti. Il tecnico Rita Guarino: "Abbiamo lavorato bene e intensamente, le ragazze hanno qualità"  Per maggiori dettagli --> http://bit.ly/1YrHzTy  #LaCasaDelCalcio
SGS Terminate le attività dei Centri Federali Territoriali http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532930/2016/06/News.shtml
Nazionale Beach Soccer Doppio impegno per gli Azzurri: l'Eurocup e la prima tappa delle qualificazioni europee http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532940/2016/06/News.shtml
Nazionale Femminile Calcio a 5 #MilanoFutsalWeek: seconda vittoria dell'Italia, altre quattro reti alla Slovacchia http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532938/2016/06/News.shtml
RESPONSABILITÀ SOCIALE Le maglie degli Azzurri all'asta a Parigi per sostenere la ricerca sulla SLA http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532933/2016/06/News.shtml
Ruggeri accende la notte di 'Casa Azzurri' e Parmitano racconta le sue camminate nello spazio  Prosegue tra concerti, degustazioni e tavole rotonde all'insegna della promozione del 'Made in Italy' l'attività di 'Casa Azzurri', la struttura allestita presso Parc des Expositions, sede del Media Centre e punto di riferimento nel quartier generale della Nazionale a Montpellier per le istituzioni e per le aziende partner della Federazione.  http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532932/2016/06/News.shtml
L'8° edizione del Grassroots Festival organizzato dal Settore Giovanile e Scolastico
Seduta di allenamento a Montpellier. L'ungherese Kassai arbitrerà la sfida con la Svezia  http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532931/2016/06/News.shtml
Terza giornata delle finali Under 17 A e B e Lega Pro. Le semifinaliste di venerdì 17 giugno. Under 17 A e B (20.30): Roma-Internazionale (Morgagni – Forlì (FC)); Juventus-Atalanta (Orogel Stadium D.Manuzzi – Cesena (FC).  Lega Pro (18.30): Martina Franca-Pisa (Bucci – Russi (RA); Pavia-Albinoleffe (Bolognini – Castel Bolognese (RA) clicca per i risultati http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532927/2016/06/News.shtml
I commenti dei bambini dell'Ospedale pediatrico Bambino Gesù di Roma sull'esordio della Nazionale.
Nuova giornata di allenamenti a Coverciano per le due nazionali in ritiro al Centro Tecnico Federale: l'#Under17 femminile e l'#Under19 guidata da Paolo Vanoli. Domani ultimo giorno di stage per le ragazze di Rita #Guarino, impegnate in mattinata in una partita a ranghi contrapposti prima di lasciare #Coverciano.  #LaCasaDelCalcio
Nazionale Femminile Calcio a 5 #MilanoFutsalWeek. Notte magica ad Assago, le Azzurre rifilano sei gol alla Slovacchia http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532926/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Ascolti record per gli Azzurri. Tavecchio: "Grazie a tutti i tifosi italiani, corretti e calorosi"
EURO 2016 Stasera a 'Casa Azzurri' il concerto di Ruggeri e la degustazione dei prodotti di Montpellier http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532922/2016/06/News.shtml
A #Coverciano è nuovamente tempo di lezioni. Dietro i banchi, nelle aule del Centro Tecnico Federale, sono tornati gli aspiranti #allenatori UEFA A e UEFA Pro. Per scoprirne di più, visita la pagina --> http://bit.ly/1XmN7PU  #LaCasaDelCalcio
EURO 2016 Conte: "Questo è un gruppo vero, ma non abbiamo fatto ancora niente" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532919/2016/06/News.shtml
Anche l'Under 17 femminile e l'Under 19 maschile hanno gioito da Coverciano con gli Azzurri!
EURO 2016 Esordio da sogno a Lione: Giaccherini e Pellè regalano agli Azzurri il primo successo http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532918/2016/06/News.shtml
Finali Under 17 A e B e Lega Pro. Domani ultima giornata della fase a gironi. C'è Juve-Inter. clicca per le classifiche marcatori http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532914/2016/06/News.shtml
Oggia, al Teatro Verdi di Cesena, incontro con i ragazzi delle finali giovanili, su salute e doping http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532914/2016/06/News.shtml
Doppia seduta di allenamento oggi a #Coverciano per le ragazze di Rita Guarino. Il ritiro dell'#Under17 al Centro Tecnico Federale terminerà mercoledì pomeriggio.  #LaCasaDelCalcio
CALCIO FEMMINILE Cabrini ai tecnici e preparatori di Serie A: "Bilancio positivo, merito anche vostro" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532912/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Malagò incontra gli Azzurri: "Felice di essere qui, mi piace lo spirito dell'Italia di Conte" http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532911/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 'Casa Azzurri on Tour': Tavecchio e Uva alla tavola rotonda con ICE http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532909/2016/06/News.shtml
EURO 2016 Stasera l'esordio degli Azzurri nel Campionato Europeo: a Lione va in scena Italia-Belgio http://www.figc.it/it/204/2532907/2016/06/News.shtml
Finali Under 17 A e B. Roma-Atalanta 2-2, gli highlights
Finali Under 17 A e B. Inter-Palermo 1-0 (76' Vialetti)
Newlyweds Johnny and Laura Benson were walking by Horsetooth Reservoir when a rattlesnake bit the groom in the ankle.
The man said he was billed after asking for a bottle of water.
Good or gross?
Although he called the advertisement "embarrassing," Baron Brooks, 48, says he will let his 78-year-old father go forward with interviewing prospective ladies.
Video shows the terrifying moments after a group of people set off fireworks inside a Walmart. http://fxn.ws/23gbfUu (Via: ViralHog)
Greg Gutfeld however said that the best response to terrorism is "moral aggression," exacting immediate and righteous revenge on those responsible. What do you think?
Video taken from a helmet shows a new perspective on the wildfires in southern California that firefighters are battling. http://fxn.ws/28Mkyo9
In a speech on Wednesday, Donald J. Trump accused Hillary Clinton of taking millions of dollars from oppressive regimes to benefit the Clinton Foundation. http://fxn.ws/28NFTzU
49 years after U.S. Army Maj. Charles Kettles led a platoon credited with rescuing dozens of soldiers, the Vietnam War veteran will be awarded the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest military honor for valor. http://fxn.ws/28LEXJS

The reporter's application was rejected after a background check revealed his "admitted history of alcohol abuse, and a charge for domestic battery involving his wife."
"This country deserves someone who is willing to fight for them and go full steam ahead to make America great again."  Trump supporter Omarosa reacted to Donald J. Trump's scathing speech on Hillary Clinton, calling him a "tough guy" who will be just as hard on Clinton as he was on the other GOP contestants.
"Clearly I disagree with everything Hillary Clinton stands for ... So if God forbid she were elected, we'll have a lot of work on our hands to stop her agenda." – Marco Rubio
"There was not a moment when it wasn't his mission or his goal to be by my side. I was everything to him. And he was everything to me," said U.S. Marine Corps Staff Sergeant Russ Beckley, Jr.
Breaking News Update: Rescuers searching for a father and his three children who vanished off the Florida coast have recovered one body, the Coast Guard said.
Join us in wishing Neil Cavuto a speedy recovery!
Watch as Democrats shout, "No bill, no break!" and stage a sit-in on the House floor, refusing to leave until they secured a vote on gun control measures. http://fxn.ws/28NrsJK
Michael Thedford, 33, went inside the house to take a four-hour nap before waking up and realizing the baby girl remained in the hot minivan.
Watch: President Barack Obama has been contradicted repeatedly by his advisers on the ISIS threat.   Full video: http://bit.ly/28Qbd3S
Hailey Suder, 18, pleaded not guilty to helping a pair of brothers who allegedly beat a homeless man to death.
"Donald Trump says I'm playing the woman card. Well you know what I say if fighting for child care, paid leave, and equal pay is playing the woman card – then deal me in!"  Moments ago, Hillary Clinton gave a speech responding to Donald J. Trump's criticism.
ICYMI: Here are some highlights from Donald J. Trump's speech earlier where he heavily criticized Hillary Clinton.
Good pick or nah, LA Lakers fans?
Lil B agrees to lift "Based God" curse on Kevin Durant if he signs with the New York Knicks  http://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/lil-b-agrees-to-lift-curse-on-kevin-durant-if-he-signs-with-knicks-062316
Tonight, their lives changed forever. Congratulations to all of the 2016 NBA draftees!   Welcome to the show.
Philadelphia 76ers icon Allen Iverson sent Ben Simmons a message after the team made him the No. 1 pick.
President Obama tells Ty Lue to make sure J.R. Smith has a shirt on when the Cavs visit The White House  http://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/watch-president-obama-congratulate-ty-lue-tell-j-r-smith-to-put-shirt-on-062316
Seattle Mariners icon Ken Griffey Jr. got to rub elbows with Barack Obama on Thursday.
From eye-opening trades to unusual picks, there wasn't a lack of storylines from Thursday's draft.
Golden State Warriors snub small ball for their first-round pick

LeBron James has a new buddy, the Lawrence O'Brien Trophy given to the NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers and he isn't parting with it.

The Baltimore Orioles just keep trading away talent and winning anyway. Their GM opened up to Ken Rosenthal about his strategy.
Chicago Bulls continue their makeover ... and may not be done making moves

This dude has to work pretty hard to get a haircut.   Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer
"Shout-out to JC Penny!"   No. 5 overall pick Kris Dunn talks about his custom draft night suit.
Two soccer stars teamed up to help 22 children receive life-saving surgeries.  Nicole Dabeau for @TheBuzzer.

Jimmy Butler thought beating Jaylen Brown 1-on-1 would be easy....No. 3 overall Brown had another idea. #NBADraft
"I grew up being a Kobe Bryant fan of course…before I was a Kevin Durant fan" - LA Lakers' Brandon Ingram after being drafted No 2 overall in the #NBADraft.
The Phoenix Suns went big with the No. 4 pick, taking Dragan Bender.
Good pick or nah, Minnesota Timberwolves fans?

Paige VanZant turns down WWE offer to focus on her upcoming fight with Rowdy Bec Rawlings
The Boston Celtics have selected a small forward out of Cal with their third overall pick.

With the second pick in the 2016 NBA Draft the LA Lakers select Brandon Ingram.
CM Punk will make his UFC debut in September http://foxs.pt/28PMYQy
With the first pick in the 2016 NBA Draft the Philadelphia 76ers select Ben Simmons.
Twenty years ago, Stone Cold Steve Austin made a statement to the WWE Universe. The New Day - WWE pays tribute as only then can.
The signees had requested to be released from their letters of intent amid sexual assault allegations that led to Baylor University coach Art Briles' dismissal.
Whaaaaaaat?! We don't think anyone in the NBA Draft can do this.   Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer
Cristiane "Cyborg" Santos calls out UFC champ Miesha Tate
Allen Iverson shared some words of wisdom for Ben Simmons while rocking an incredible shirt honoring two NBA greats.


WATCH: Felice Herrig takes a second run at the American Ninja Warrior obstacle course.
LeBron James apparently took the NBA Championship Trophy home with him after Wednesday's parade and rally.

20 years ago, Kobe Bryant was selected 13th in the NBA draft. These were the 12 players picked before him.
The all-out push for Kevin Durant is a little more than a week away and his former Oklahoma City Thunder teammate James Harden will go all out to get him to join the Houston Rockets.
The NBA Draft 2016 is tonight - study up!
'Serena' features the world No. 1 doing karaoke to Gloria Estefan's 'Conga' in the presence of Drake. #SerenaWilliams #Wimbledon
Ever seen a cotton ball burnout? @TheBuzzer's Daryl Motte takes in a stop motion #NASCAR race.
LeBron James is the latest NBA superstar to skip the Olympics.

Cody Zeller tells awkward draft-day story about the time he spoke to Michael Jordan after being selected  http://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/cody-zeller-tells-awkward-draft-day-story-about-meeting-michael-jordan-062316
He just can't miss! Clay is a master of half-court shots.   Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer

Paul Lawrie's ball somehow landed in a fan's tucked-in shirt.
The 2016 NBA Draft is right around the corner. Here's what you should be hoping your favorite team does tonight.
A couple Thursday notes coming at you, courtesy Ken Rosenthal.
Listen to Kofi Kingston recite Stone Cold's iconic "Austin 3:16" speech, which Austin delivered 20 years ago today.
Is soccer in the U.S. "a sport for the upper class"? Today on Speak For Yourself, Alexi Lalas responds to Jason Whitlock's comments.  Watch at 6pm ET on FS1!
Denny Hamlin has a better chip shot 30,000 feet in the air than you do on solid ground. #NASCAR
Packers linebacker Jayrone Elliott was one of several VIPs who took a turn riding with the racing legend at IndyCar's return to Road America.
This could be the missing link between Ben Simmons and the Philadelphia 76ers. #Betcha
Greg Olsen is auctioning off his classic Camaro to help kids with heart issues.
Wait, what just happened? This first pitch at a Daytona Tortugas game was flippin' awesome.   Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer
The Indiana Pacers keep on dealing ahead of the NBA Draft.
How many bros does it take to pull off this workout?  Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer
Chad Clay was dismissed following his second arrest in four months.


Rob Perez explores NBA Draft day trades that should, would, and could happen tonight:  http://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/nba-draft-day-trades-that-should-would-and-could-happen-062316
The New York Knicks hope they aren't done with their summer shopping.

The New York Knicks couldn't have trolled the Chicago Bulls any harder after getting Derrick Rose.
#NASCAR #TBT: Dale Earnhardt Jr. said his late father helped him escape this flaming crash. Daryl Motte for @TheBuzzer.
Fresh off her dazzling performances on Dancing with the Stars, UFC strawweight @Paige VanZant is returning to action in Vancouver

Michigan Football head coach Jim Harbaugh explains why he doesn't miss the NFL.
Michigan Football head coach Jim Harbaugh explains why he doesn't miss the NFL.
UFC star Sage Northcutt can squat on a medicine ball like it's nothing!  Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer
Team USA's roster for this year's Summer Games is taking shape.
Jon "Bones" Jones blasts critics who had a problem with his victory at UFC 197 in April.
You'll never guess what Buddy Hield's real name is and where he got the nickname Buddy. #betcha
JJ Watt officially unveiled the "JJ I" on Thursday.
A look back at the time 19-year-old LeBron James went to WWE Raw as a rookie
Herschel Walker still does 1,500 pushups a day and is looking for his next MMA fight.
Does a new coach mean it's finally time for the Georgia Bulldogs? Who are the dark horse Heisman contenders? Your college football questions answered.
This is why you shouldn't try to dunk over people.
The New York Knicks have a new star in Derrick Rose....  And not only does Rose's former coach John Calipari think he'll be really good in New York, Calipari thinks Rose will return to his MVP-caliber form....
After flying out, Adam Jones took out all of his frustration on his gum.
He goes fast for a living, but NHRA's Antron Brown says he's not ready for the Top Thrill Dragster at Cedar Point. #NHRAonFOX PROcast
The Detroit Pistons found a gem in second round of the 1986 NBA Draft.
The world's No. 1 golfer may not be on tour for as long as we hope.


Ben Affleck went on an expletive-filled tirade to defend Tom Brady's honor.


This had to hurt.
The Cleveland Indians have built a spectacular Jobu shrine in their clubhouse.
If you're at Steve Smith's camp, don't cheer for the New England Patriots.

No one has been picked apart and criticized more than Ben Simmons entering this NBA Draft...  And here's why everything you've heard about the future Philadelphia 76ers star is 100 percent wrong... via our Aaron Torres...
From The Pittsburgh Steelers to the Miami Dolphins, every team's run game ranked.
Vin Scully got a foul ball and made one Los Angeles Dodgers fan's night.
The San Francisco Giants reportedly are 'open-minded' about Madison Bumgarner competing in the Home Run Derby.
Shaq has never looked so good.
The second pick of the 1986 NBA Draft was Len Bias. His friend Johnny Dawkins remembers the former Maryland Basketball star who was dead two days later.
This pierogi race turned into a full-fledged wrestling match.
Minnesota Twins closer Glen Perkins is having season-ending shoulder surgery today, and no one feels worse about it than he does.
The New York Mets manager really didn't like being goaded into a statement about Noah Syndergaard's elbow.
The NBA Draft has a rich history of picks that missed the mark.




The slumping Hanley Ramirez looked straight into the camera and mocked his doubters with an indescribable charade.
Charles Barkley wasn't convinced by LeBron James' monster effort in the NBA Finals.
Former WWE superstar CM Punk - The Cult of Personality makes his debut at UFC 203 in Cleveland.
Thrilling finish as Los Angeles Dodgers sweep Washington Nationals
It's a Chile-Argentina rematch in the Copa America final
Los Angeles Dodgers first baseman Adrian Gonzalez pulled off a stunning play Wednesday night.
Golden State Warriors ready to make moves to get that crown back



Could Barack Obama go from running the country to running an NBA team?
The Copa América Centenario final is set!   It's Argentina vs Chile this Sunday, 4pm ET on FS1. #Copa100
DeMarco Murray is looking to have a bounce-back season with the Tennessee Titans after stumbling with the Philadelphia Eagles.

Mike Riley finally gave a platform to a woman who long criticized him for not seriously addressing her sex assault allegations
The Derrick Rose era in Chicago is officially over, as Jimmy Butler says farewell to the former MVP.

Two reasons for LA Kings fans to cheer
Good news, Washington Capitals fans
Chicago Bulls GM Gar Forman on the Derrick Rose trade: "The sense I got is that Derrick will be excited about New York."
Chicago Blackhawks star Patrick Kane took home some hardware at the NHL awards ceremony.
A bunch of Irish fans stopped being rowdy for a few minutes to sing a lullaby to a baby.  Rachel Bonnetta for @TheBuzzer.
Bryce Harper wrote a classy note to honor Los Angeles Dodgers legend Vin Scully.

The Derrick Rose trade means absolutely nothing for the NY Knicks...  ...for now  Rob Perez: http://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/the-derrick-rose-trade-means-nothing-for-the-knicks-for-now-062216
LeBron James dishes out compliments at today's victory rally!
The Cleveland Cavaliers victory parade was on Wednesday.   But why did LeBron James thank L.A. Clippers star Deandre Jordan for helping the Cavs win the championship?
A scary situation occurred after the Cleveland Cavaliers' championship celebration.
This F1 crew tied a world record by changing four tires in 1.92 seconds

From one legend to another.  Jim Brown hands the championship trophy to LeBron James & the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Cleveland Cavaliers turned their city into the world's biggest party on Wednesday. Congrats, Cavs fans. (By the way, has anyone seen J.R. Smith's shirt?)
Hold the phone. Cleveland Cavaliers forward Richard Jefferson may have just taken back his plans to call it a career.
New York's staff ace saw the team doctor Wednesday afternoon.
70-year-old Crayton Taylor sets a new world record like a boss lifting 507 pounds!  Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer
LeBron James thanked each one of his teammates after Wednesday's title parade, and things got a little profane
While Cleveland fans celebrate the Cavs title, a former Cleveland Browns player brings them back down to earth.

Michael Bisping vs. Dan Henderson 2 might be a possibility after all.

Derrick Rose is no longer a member of the Chicago Bulls. What does that mean for everyone involved?
BREAKING: The NHL officially is expanding to Las Vegas.
Conor McGregor has an interesting workout drill and a new workout partner?? Beware, Nate Diaz.  Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer
#RogerFederer's design for #Wimbledon includes ... sweatpants??? #NeedsMoreBlazer
The only sure thing in the NBA Draft is that there are NO sure things. Here's 10 years of unpredictability summed up in 90 seconds.

Royce West reportedly was one of Bryant's Dallas-area mentors, but he's suing for between $100,000 and $200,000.
Meet Mini Thor.
It turns out Valérie " TroUbLe" Létourneau had a serious wardrobe malfunction during her UFC fight last weekend.
JR Smith was a straight-up hero at the Cleveland Cavaliers' parade.
On Wednesday, Kevin Love wore his WWE championship belt to the Cleveland Cavaliers victory parade.  He also gave the crazy details on how he got the belt in the first place...
#NASCAR drivers play "food roulette" ... eat cat food. #NASCAR
BREAKING: Derrick Rose reportedly is heading from the Chicago Bulls to the New York Knicks in a blockbuster deal.

From Michael Jordan trade possibilities to the pharmacist who got drafted at age 49. #NBADraft
Who needs a gym membership when you've got a car?  Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer
How does Conor McGregor spend his down time? Just hanging out with Rihanna backstage in Dublin.


The cutest fan at the Cleveland Cavaliers championship parade? Yup, this baby stole the show!  Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer
Warriors owner Joe Lacob on free agency: "I set the highest goal and pay them whatever it takes. Great people attract great people."
Denver Broncos players already know replacing Peyton Manning will be an impossible task.
The Atlanta Hawks reportedly have traded Jeff Teague to the Indiana Pacers in a 3-team trade that includes the Utah Jazz.
Can any AL catcher handle the job of catching the Boston Red Sox knuckleballer?
Everyone knows who the Chicago Bulls selected with the 3rd pick in the '84 NBA Draft, but do you know who Chicago selected with the 208th pick? #betcha

The New Orleans Saints quarterback expects to get an extension soon but isn't afraid to play into the final year of his contract if he has to.

Cleveland Cavaliers fans have turned downtown Cleveland into a  jungle gym.

Dez Bryant revealed why the Cowboys won't put Ezekiel Elliott through any sort of hazing.
Roy "Big Country" Nelson says a fight with Brock Lesnar would break every UFC record in history.
A bat from New York Yankees legend Lou Gehrig sold for six figures at auction.
Former Cleveland Browns QB Johnny Manziel had some more trouble earlier this week.

This is it. This is the parade LeBron James promised Cleveland Cavaliers fans.
Derek Jeter sat down with Barack Obama to talk about all things ranging from childhood to retirement.

The 1986 NBA Draft produced many sad stories. The trades the Philadelphia 76ers made around that selection day turned out poorly, to say the least.
Dana White promises Joanne Calderwood won't be "broke as hell" for much longer.
Soaking up the love at Wednesday's Cleveland Cavaliers parade.
2016 NBA Mock Draft http://foxs.pt/28Qhnzw
Tiger Woods gave a health update on Wednesday, saying he hasn't ruled out any upcoming tournaments.
Michael Bisping pulls no punches when asked about fighting Conor McGregor in the UFC
LeBron James confirms he's coming back to the Cleveland Cavaliers.  Rest easy, Cavs fans.
Could the Cleveland Cavaliers trade Kevin Love this off-season?  Coach Tyronn Lue was asked that question Wednesday, and oh man, was he EMPHATIC with his answer...
Daniel Bryan will come back as a commentator for the upcoming WWE Cruiserweight Classic.
Manu Ginobili reportedly will opt out of his contract with the San Antonio Spurs
Bulldogs in the house.
Bill Walton told his son Luke Walton not to take the LA Lakers job. This is why he did it anyway.
Step right up and take a selfie with this LeBron James "dryer lint sculpture."
This was a close call
Jake "The Snake" Roberts offers insight into his career and recovery. The WWE legend also dishes on Sting, Ricky Steamboat and Stone Cold Steve Austin.
Adrian Peterson admits the offseason grind may impact when he decides to retire from the NFL.
This Argentina fan is lucky Leo Messi is such a cool guy (and that security was asleep).
Serena Williams and Novak Djokovic are the top seeds at Wimbledon.
Ben Simmons is preparing for life in Philadelphia
The party is on in Cleveland.
This is the cutest thing you'll see all day.
The New York Mets got a big scare when Big Sexy was hit on his thumb by a line drive Tuesday.
Shaquille O' Neal is always watching.
The NBA Draft is now just HOURS away, and the Philadelphia 76ers, LA Lakers and Boston Celtics are on the clock...   So who will YOUR team draft? Our third and final Mock Draft, via Aaron Torres....
Thanks, LeBron!
Philadelphia Eagles long snapper Jon Dorenbos can do more than snap footballs.
This is actually Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Erik Kratz's second relief appearance of the season.
Is Kevin Durant on the move? LeBron James has gotta stay, right? See what's in store for all the biggest NBA free agents.
Rory McIlroy says the risk is too great for him to take part in the Olympic games.
An unintentional magic trick.
Kevin Love absolutely loves the Cleveland Cavaliers' new championship belt.
Oh no....  Shaquille O'Neal wants everyone to know he is the real 'Unaminous' MVP
One of the Cleveland Browns' most recognizable quarterbacks was invited to the Cleveland Cavaliers' championship parade.
LeBron James championship mural to come down for Rebublican National Convention
The Boston Celtics are apparently being very aggressive leading up to Thursday's draft.

The U.S. were overwhelmed by Argentina in the Copa America semifinal Tuesday.

Leo Messi (goal, 2 assists) and Argentina just too much for U.S. Soccer as they reach the Copa América Centenario final.  #USMNT to play in the 3rd place game. #Copa100 #MyCopaColors
The spectacular has become somewhat routine for Toronto Blue Jays center fielder Kevin Pillar.

Anything is possible!  Kevin Love finally embraced the 'Lil Kev' alter ego...


It looks like the Dallas Mavericks have a new No. 1 priority this offseason -- re-signing Dirk Nowitzki.
Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco is making strides in his ACL recovery but doesn't feel like himself yet.
Say hello to your new coach, LA Lakers fans.

The Los Angeles Dodgers and Boston Red Sox are among the teams making good use of a system that leaves other clubs behind.

MLB commissioner Rob Manfred said there is a chance Las Vegas could have a baseball team someday.



The NFL and NBA have grown in popularity, but New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez believes baseball will reclaim its title as the No. 1 sport soon.
Carrlyn Bathe breaks down the 5 biggest NHL games to circle on next season's schedule.

The veteran center is turning down $23.2 million so he can become a free agent.
UFC president Dana White has a few words to address Donald "Cowboy" Cerrone's complaints about his paycheck
"That is insane!" This table tennis shot left the opponent smiling.   Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer
Toronto Blue Jays slugger will be in a walking boot until he is re-evaluated in two weeks.
This is at least three straight years that Kevin Durant has schooled the kids at his camp. When will they learn?!
A ceremony in the Amazon ahead of the Rio Olympics went awry.
The further you go, the harder it gets. Kobe Bryant knows.   Can U.S. Soccer take down its biggest challenge in years in Leo Messi and Argentina? A spot in the Copa América Centenario final is on the line. Coverage starts 7pm ET on FS1! #Copa100
Las Vegas bookmakers say the Chicago Cubs' dominance is causing mayhem in their industry: "It can't go on like this."



Federal investigators say various professional athletes were cheated out of at least $30 million in a Ponzi-like scheme run by their investment adviser.

Two professional sports were altered when perhaps the greatest athlete of his generation picked the Royals over the Buccaneers.
Some more heady praise for LeBron James from another Cleveland Cavaliers legend.
Roman Reigns has been suspended from the WWE for violating the wellness policy

Summer is here and this dude's pool dunk is the greatest!  Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer
Table tennis will be part of the 2016 Summer Olympics, and this shot is worth of a gold medal.
Steven Wright -- the Boston Red Sox's newest knuckler -- now leads the AL with a 2.01 ERA.
Draymond Green got one last kick in for the road at the end of Game 7.
Nevada approves early weigh-ins for UFC 200 and the other events during International Fight Week
The NHL has a jam-packed centennial season scheduled, including four outdoor games and a Lord Stanley's Cup finals rematch.
Imagine a red carpet whenever you exit your car. No valet? No problem. The Rolls-Royce Motor Cars 103EX concept is awesome.  Daryl Motte for @TheBuzzer.

Odell Beckham Jr times his swing perfectly and crushes this softball!   Andy Nesbitt for @TheBuzzer

Making the U.S. Olympic team as a long jumper could put Marquise Goodwin's roster spot in jeopardy.
There's no way LeBron James leaves the Cleveland Cavaliers again, right?

Never forget. #NationalSelfieDay
Stephen Curry won't watch film of Game 7 but already knows what he'll take away from losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Philadelphia 76ers reportedly have told Ben Simmons they will draft him No. 1 overall on Thursday.
Iwan Rheon talks battles, hounds, and playing one arrogant bastard: http://itsh.bo/28LxdOf (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Send a raven. Streaming drives record viewership for Game of Thrones.  (via USA TODAY)
"You're in the great game now." Preview this Sunday's season finale of Game of Thrones.
How are you feeling after "Battle of The Bastards?" #AfterTheThrones discusses Sunday's "spectacle" on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
Sophie Turner chats battling against the odds, revenge and fighting the patriarchy in Westeros: http://itsh.bo/28LxcKb  (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
The #AfterTheThrones Maester is answering your questions about "Battle of the Bastards."
The Game of Thrones series creators of go inside "Battle of the Bastards"  (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
"The most logistically complicated thing I've ever been involved in." The "Battle of the Bastards" director speaks out. (via Entertainment Weekly)
"All of it is action." See how the production brought one of the series' biggest scenes to life: http://itsh.bo/28JlWu2 (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Dive into last night's episode, "Battle of the Bastards," on the Game of Thrones Viewer's Guide: http://itsh.bo/28Jp10R  (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Quiet in the realm. "Battle of the Bastards" starts at 9 on HBO.
"Battle of the Bastards" airs tonight. #GameofThrones
Prepare for tomorrow's all-new episode of Game of Thrones. Watch "No One" on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
"She's exactly like her mother."  Read the letter that Brienne delivered to the Blackfish: http://itsh.bo/1QbNj2o
Behold, the #BeautifulDeath from "No One." www.beautifuldeath.com
Learn more about the making of "The Broken Man" and "No One" with 'The Game Revealed: Episodes 7 & 8" on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1QTnzBl
"Game of Thrones: Battle of the Bastards tease shows Jon Snow fury." (via Entertainment Weekly)
"Jaqen was, on some level, rooting for the outcome that he got." The series creators of go inside "No One." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Chase down Arya with this storyboard from "No One": http://itsh.bo/260N2TN
The #AfterTheThrones team has decided. If you ever hear Jaime Lannister say "the things we do for love," you should run. Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
Ask the Maester from #AftertheThrones.
"Finally, a girl is no one." Relive this memorable moment from Sunday's episode of Game of Thrones. (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
2 episodes left. Preview this Sunday's episode of Game of Thrones, "Battle of the Bastards."
Dive into last night's episode of Game of Thrones on the Viewer's Guide: http://itsh.bo/1YlQaa2 (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Tonight. #GameofThrones
"I choose violence." Preview tomorrow's new episode of Game of Thrones.
Behold, the #BeautifulDeath from "The Broken Man." www.beautifuldeath.com
Sophie Turner talks Sansa power-plays and Stark family reunions: http://itsh.bo/28q6Kuf
Prepare for Sunday's all-new episode of Game of Thrones. Watch "The Broken Man" on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
"Game of Thrones: HBO confirms super-sized season 6 finale." (via Entertainment Weekly)
Chris Ryan and Andy Greenwald from #AfterTheThrones chat Yara pep-talks, Riverrun moats, The Hound and more: http://itsh.bo/1Yf8rGh
"It's putting a lot of dramatic weight on the shoulders of someone who needs to be young. The series creators of go inside "The Broken Man" & discuss Lady Mormont.  (SPOILERS AHEAD)
Gemma Whelan chats the kingsmoot, Yara's emotional side and Theon's future: http://itsh.bo/1Ybnukt (SPOILERS AHEAD)
Ask the Maester from #AfterTheThrones your questions.
Relive this unforgettable moment from "The Broken Man." (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
"Ian McShane breaks his silence on secret role." Read the full interview: http://itsh.bo/1X6Ynjh (via Entertainment Weekly)
Who won the week? The #AfterTheThrones hosts make their picks. Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
The broken man. Explore last night's episode of Game of Thrones on the Viewer's Guide: http://itsh.bo/1X6XEON (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Quiet in the realm. "The Broken Man" starts at 9 on HBO.
Tonight. #GameofThrones
"Every Khal who ever lived chose three blood riders to fight beside him and guard his way. But I am not a Khal. I will not choose three blood riders. I choose you all. I will ask more of you than any khal has ever asked of his khalassar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea? Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses? Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains? Are you with me? Now and always?"
"I did what I had to do to survive. I will always be a Stark." Preview tomorrow's new episode of Game of Thrones.
DRACARYS! Prepare for Sunday. Watch "Blood of My Blood" on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
"Burn them all!"
See a storyboard of the big rescue scene in "Blood of My Blood": http://itsh.bo/1Vzj8Tr (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
What other characters could come back? The #AfterTheThrones team makes their predictions. Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
Ask the Maester. #AfterTheThrones
Discover how to make an epic episode with 'The Game Revealed: Episodes 5 & 6.' Get an inside look at Game of Thrones on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1QTnzBl
"I choose you all." Relive this moment from "Blood of My Blood."
"Game of Thrones producers reveal 4 of their epic cast pranks." Read the full story on Entertainment Weekly.
Maisie Williams talks getting competitive with the Waif & being No One: http://itsh.bo/1TUrEtQ (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
The series creators of Game of Thrones go inside "Blood of My Blood." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Tonight. #GameofThrones
"Hold the door."
"Hodor." Get an inside look at how the epic cave scene came to life: http://itsh.bo/1qF6Iws
"Show them what we do to our enemies." Preview tomorrow's new episode of Game of Thrones.
Get a look at the origins of the White Walkers in this storyboard from "The Door."
Behold, the #BeautifulDeath from "The Door." www.beautifuldeath.com
"He saw me!" Prepare for Sunday. Watch "The Door" on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
Hodor. Relive "The Door" before Sunday's new episode of Game of Thrones: www.hbonow.com
Looking for some details on the Kingsmoot?  Read a breakdown of the Iron Islands' election day: http://itsh.bo/1NHEqg2
"The origin of Hodor." The series creators of Game of Thrones go inside "The Door." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Isaac Hempstead Wright chats Bran Stark, Summer and the many revelations of #HoldtheDoor: http://itsh.bo/1qF67uI (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Ask the Maester from #AfterTheThrones your pressing Game of Thrones questions on Facebook Live.
"Hold the door." Relive the unforgettable moment from Sunday's episode of Game of Thrones. (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Kristian Nairn talks about his love for Hodor, his friendship with Isaac and the epic #HoldtheDoor scene: http://itsh.bo/1qF6Mw4 (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Chris and Andy of #AfterTheThrones break down the "surprise that feels earned" from "The Door." Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
The door. Explore last night's episode of Game of Thrones on the Viewer's Guide: http://www.gameofthrones.com  (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
Quiet in the realm. "The Door" starts at 9 on HBO.
"You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will." - Daenerys Targaryen
"There's still so much you don't know." Preview the next episode of Game of Thrones airing tomorrow at 9PM.
"I am, so I will." Prepare for Sunday. Watch "Book of the Stranger" on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
Family reunions and alliances: dive deeper into "Book of the Stranger" with #AfterTheThrones.
Behold, the #BeautifulDeath from "Book of the Stranger." www.beautifuldeath.com
"None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am."
"But I am. So I will." Check out a storyboard of Daenerys' big moment from "Book of the Stranger": http://itsh.bo/1srz8v7
Time to ask the expert. The #AfterTheThrones crew dishes on the survival of the Tyrell family. Watch the full episode today: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
Curious to know what Ramsay wrote to Jon?  Come and see.
Get an inside look at the making of "Oathbreaker" & "Book of the Stranger" on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1QTnzBl
"Rebirth is clearly a theme this season." The series creators of Game of Thrones go inside "Book of the Stranger." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
The Maester is live answering your Game of Thrones questions.
"There's only one place we can go, home."  Relive the must-see reunion from last night's episode of Game of Thrones. (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
"This is all me, all proud, all strong." Emilia Clarke on that epic scene from last night's Game of Thrones. (via Entertainment Weekly)
The #AfterTheThrones crew discuss how family reunions go down in Westeros.  Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC (SPOILERS AHEAD)
Quiet in the realm. "Book of the Stranger" starts at 9 on HBO.
Tonight.  #GameofThrones
"Sansa has escaped Winterfell." Preview the next episode of Game of Thrones airing tomorrow at 9PM.
Break down the three major moments from "Oathbreaker" with #AfterTheThrones: http://itsh.bo/220HPJ9
Behold, the #BeautifulDeath from "Oathbreaker." www.beautifuldeath.com
Game of Thrones actor teases Littlefinger's remorseful return. Read the full interview: http://itsh.bo/1Wsj49w (via Entertainment Weekly)
The prince that was promised. Chris and Andy of #AfterTheThrones break down prophecies in the world of Game of Thrones.  Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
Carice van Houten talks Melisandre's vulnerabilities, and her big role in #GoTSeason6: http://itsh.bo/1rLbFEP
"Father beat him." "Did he?" The series creators of Game of Thrones go inside "Oathbreaker." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
"Who are you?" "No one." Relive this moment from "Oathbreaker." (SPOILERS AHEAD)
Ask the Maester.
20 years is a long time to wait. #AfterTheThrones discusses that pivotal flashback.  Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
"Now that's a trial by combat I can't wait to see." Relive Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 3 on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
Oathbreaker. Explore last night's Game of Thrones episode on the #GoTViewersGuide: http://itsh.bo/1T6JL2A (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Quiet in the realm. Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 3 "Oathbreaker" starts at 9 on HBO.
Tonight.  #GameofThrones
"I'm friends with your mother. I'm here to help. Don't eat the help. When I was a child, an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day. I begged him for one of you. 'It wouldn't even have to be a big dragon,' I told him. 'It could be little like me.' Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago. I cried myself to sleep that night. But here you are." #GameofThrones
"And now it begins." Preview the next episode of Game of Thrones airing tomorrow at 9PM.
Who won the week? Chris and Andy of #AfterTheThrones discuss the clear winner. Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC (SPOILERS AHEAD)
Get an inside look at the making of "The Red Women" & "Home" on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1QTnzBl
Behold, exclusive photos from Entertainment Weekly's Game of Thrones cover story with Kit Harington: http://bit.ly/1SS8oOr
Happy Friday. #GameofThrones
Kit Harington discusses "Home." Read the full Entertainment Weekly story: http://itsh.bo/1TuLI2T (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
What's the deal with Bran's travels? The crew from #AfterTheThrones have answers.
"Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face." Relive this must-see moment from "Home." (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
"I'm here to help. Don't eat the help."  Relive Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 2 on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
Is Cersei gearing up to hit back? Chris and Andy break it down on #AfterTheThrones.
Get an in-depth look at the first two episodes of #GoTSeason6. Watch #GameRevealed on @HBONOW: http://itsh.bo/1rtxSaI (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
"He's seen what she's capable of." The series creators go inside, "Home." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
The Maester from #AfterTheThrones is live answering your questions.
Get a lesson in warging courtesy of #AfterTheThrones. Watch the full episode on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/1Z4q9dC
Home. Explore last night's Game of Thrones episode on the #GoTViewersGuide: http://itsh.bo/1TfOQzn (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Quiet in the realm. Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 2 "Home" starts at 9 on HBO.
Tonight. The next episode of Game of Thrones starts tonight at 9.
"Get out of my way." Preview next episode of Game of Thrones airing tomorrow at 9PM.
"You want her to do it or me?" See how the Sand Snakes' big scene was planned: http://itsh.bo/1VUWuWa (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Behold, the #BeautifulDeath from "The Red Woman." www.beautifuldeath.com
"Queen of Nothing." Relive this must-see moment from the premiere episode of Game of Thrones Season 6. (WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS)
"I won't make it without you." Watch the Season 6 premiere of Game of Thrones for free today: http://itsh.bo/1VUXucR
"This season we wanted to start off right where we left off." The series creators go inside the Season 6 premiere, "The Red Woman." (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)

Explore Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 1 on the #GoTViewersGuide: http://itsh.bo/26p8Ol7 (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
Take a close-up look at props from Dorne in the #GoTSeason6 premiere: http://itsh.bo/1Sv5rzG (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD)
"I can't see." Relive the Game of Thrones Season 6 premiere on HBO NOW: www.hbonow.com
Quiet in the realm.  The Game of Thrones Season 6 premiere "The Red Woman" starts tonight at 9PM.
Rally the realm.   Game of Thrones returns tonight at 9 on HBO.
Prepare for the #GoTSeason6 premiere. Relive the most memorable moments from the #GoTPremiereLA Facebook Live.
"Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?" 1 more day. Watch a clip from this Sunday's premiere of Game of Thrones.
Ready for #GOTSeason6 on Sunday?  Quiz yourself on how the story left off in Season 5: http://itsh.bo/1NogmhR #GoT50
With whom do you listen? Discover your Game of Thrones character with Spotify: http://spotify-gameofthrones.com
#AfterTheThrones is coming.
Behold new photos from the Game of Thrones Season 6 premiere. Tune in this Sunday on HBO.
#GameofThrones  Renewed for 2017.
We are live at the #ArtTheThrone exhibit in NYC with #GameOfThrones cast members Jacob Anderson and Hannah Murray.
4 more days. Watch a clip from the Season 6 premiere of Game of Thrones airing Sunday on HBO.
Prepare for #GOTSeason6. Explore 50 fun facts about Season 5: http://itsh.bo/22LgKbM #GoT50
Relive some of the best moments from the #GoTPremiereLA and read about the cast's reactions to #GoTSeason6: http://itsh.bo/1qNpeUc
"Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone wants to murder you."   Game of Thrones returns Sunday at 9PM on HBO.
Are you a Game of Thrones champion?  Prove it with the Season 4 quiz: http://itsh.bo/1RWYWsz #GoT50
Artist Jeff Nishinaka takes paper cuts to a new level with his terrifying recreation of this #GoT moment.   View more artists from #ArtTheThrone: http://itsh.bo/22xKKrI
Celebrate #ThrowbackThursday. Revel in the boldest Stark, Lannister and Targaryen moves in the #GOTPowerPlays marathon: http://itsh.bo/1W5Rptj
From King's Landing to Dorne, explore the world of Westeros like never before in our immersive 360 experience.
What should you look forward to in Season 6?  The Game of Thrones cast weighs in: http://itsh.bo/1qNpeUc
See photos of the #GameofThrones cast from the #GoTpremiereLA Instagram Studio.  View more photos and Boomerangs from the event on the official #GoT Instagram profile: Instagram.com/Gameofthrones
Game of Thrones returns April 24 at 9PM. Watch a new trailer.
Thanks for watching the #GoTPremiereLA on Facebook Live. Now watch an exclusive look behind the VFX of Game of Thrones.

The Raven has landed in LA. See your favorite #GameOfThrones cast members walk the carpet and answer your questions at #GoTPremiereLA.
#GoTPremiereLA is coming.   Rally the realm and tune in tonight at 5PM with Facebook Live on the #GameofThrones  Facebook page.  (Photo: Instagram.com/gameofthrones)
Send a raven. Tune in to the #GoTPremiereLA tonight on the Game of Thrones Facebook Page with Facebook Live.
"Melisandre Unusually Insecure in Season 6."  Read the full interview with Carice van Houten: http://itsh.bo/1NeJcvJ (via Entertainment Weekly)
A raven is landing in Los Angeles.  Share questions for your favorite Game of Thrones cast members for them to answer on the red carpet at the #GoTPremiereLA.  Put the cast member name in front of your question and check back Sunday night, 4/10 to watch the red carpet on the #GoT Facebook page with ْFaceْbook Live.
Special announcement from Sophie Turner. #GoTPremiereLA is coming. Tune in Sunday on the Game of Thrones Facebook page.
The Purple Wedding, weapons and wushu. Check out 50 fun facts about Season 4: http://itsh.bo/23cNwYR #GoT50
Maisie Williams teases Arya's action-filled season 6: http://itsh.bo/25Jnv2h (via Entertainment Weekly)
Become no one.  Join #TheHallofFaces today at www.thehalloffaces.com.
Fan the flames of your Game of Thrones fandom with "After the Thrones."  Read more about the after-show: http://itsh.bo/201208W
"For the watch." Rally the realm and purchase Season 5 on DVD and Blu-ray today: http://amzn.to/1SzbGWZ
How well do you know Season 3?  Put yourself to the test: http://itsh.bo/1oq96WB #GOT50
You have one final chance to meet the Game of Thrones cast & attend the #GoTPremiereLA. Enter now: http://bit.ly/LastChance-SeasonPremiere  Every entry supports The International Rescue Committee's mission of supporting refugee families in crisis.
Game of Thrones producers talk #GoTSeason6: http://itsh.bo/1N0HRIH (via Entertainment Weekly)
Raise your banners. Relive some of the biggest #GoTPowerPlays Monday-Thursday starting 4/4 at 10PM ET on HBO 2.   House Stark airs April 4-7 House Lannister airs April 11-14 House Targaryen airs April 18-21
"Brienne to 'burst forth' in season 6." Read more: http://itsh.bo/1VVrAvO (via Entertainment Weekly)
Heart Eater. Crimson Death. Dark Sister. Which are Game of Thrones swords and which are 80's metal bands?   See which cast member has the right answers then enter to join them #GoTPremiereLA: http://bit.ly/Season6Premiere
"Game of Thrones' Sophie Turner has her best story yet in season 6" (via Entertainment Weekly)
"One way or another, a face will be added to the hall." Game of Thrones Season 6 premieres 4.24.16
Bears, brawls and betrayals. Go inside Season 3's memorable moments: http://itsh.bo/25ooCEk #GoT50
New #GoTSeason6 photos unveiled. (via Entertainment Weekly)
Test your Game of Thrones IQ with our Season 2 quiz: http://itsh.bo/1RnFjsf #GoT50
Dame of Thrones. Get an exclusive look inside Game of Thrones Season 6 and the new Entertainment Weekly collector's covers: http://bit.ly/1RnsGNT #EWxGOT
The Game of Thrones cast can't promise everything. Enter to attend the world premiere of Season 6 and support the International Rescue Committee. Enter here: http://bit.ly/GOT-premiere
See how the Game of Thrones production team uses prosthetic makeup to bring the story to life: http://itsh.bo/1Rxo230
Game of Thrones showrunners call #GoTSeason6 "the best one we've done."  (via Entertainment Weekly)
Send a raven and react with the realm.  Download the Reaction Packs plugin and swap your Facebook reactions for emotions from Game of Thrones. (Works with Chrome and Firefox)
Join the cast of Game of Thrones in #RealmToTheRescue for a chance to win tickets to the #GOTPremiereLA.
As you relive Game of Thrones Season 2 with #GOT50, explore 50 surprising things: http://itsh.bo/1QYymh8
Read the scene as it appeared in the script of the Season 5 finale, "Mother's Mercy." (via Entertainment Weekly)
Send a raven.  Stand with the cast of Game of Thrones to support The International Rescue Committee and you could win a trip to the #GoTSeason6 Premiere: http://itsh.bo/Season6PremiereGoT
The #GoT5DVD is here.  Order your copy on Blu-ray and DVD at the HBO Shop today: http://itsh.bo/1OZLein
How well do you know Season 1?   Test your Game of Thrones knowledge and countdown to the new season as part of #GoT50.

Behold photos from The Hall of Faces at SXSW 2016
The Official Grumpy Cat paid a visit to #SXSWesteros. Behold The Hall of Grumpy. #CatConcoctions  #TheHallofFaces is open today from 10:30-5:00 at SXSW.
Become part of #TheHallofFaces at SXSW.  Get all the details.
Headed to SXSW?  Join #TheHallofFaces located at 213 W 5th St Austin,TX 78701 from 3/11-3/14. #SXSWesteros
Keeping up with #GoT50 on @HBONOW?  Go deeper with 50 surprising facts from Season 1.
Can't wait for Season 6?  Get the details on #GoT50, a 50-day countdown to the premiere with HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/GoT50
50 days. 50 episodes. Countdown to Season 6 with #GoT50 starting 3/5. Stream the entire series on HBO NOW: http://itsh.bo/GoT50
Go inside #GOTSeason6 and meet the team behind the cameras: http://itsh.bo/1QGZzla
Check out the official character posters for #GoTSeason6 premiering 4.24.16

Send a raven.  Check out the official posters for #GoTSeason6 premiering 4.24.16
Screen Junkies makes a punching bag out of Adam Sandler's Pixels movie in their latest video.
Even the head of Xbox thinks The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is impressive.
The Art of Todd Nauck speed sketches Faith Connors [Sponsored by Mirror's Edge: Catalyst]
Calling all Sydney Rocket League fanatics! You could win an Xbox One S by competing in GameSpot's Rocket League Tournament this week!   Register here:  http://l.gamespot.com/28UrqWE
Knowing is half the battle. (Beware Game of Thrones spoilers)
About 23 million people watch Game of Thrones per episodes, are you one of them?
Are you planning to pick up the Call of Duty 4 Remaster?
Tom Clancy's The Division is getting some major changes next week!
For those of you who can't get enough of Star Wars Rogue One.
Game of Thrones stars are getting a BIG raise.
Midna commands you to listen to this track. Obey Midna!
Darth Vader is back for Star Wars Rogue One!
Steam's 2016 summer sale is officially underway!
The world of Hyrule is 12 times bigger in the upcoming game compared to The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess.
Click to see behind-the-scenes images from Kit Harington's performance capture session for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare.
18-year-old Kayla Dixon shot and killed a man she met after responding to a Craigslist ad, prosecutors say.
What do you guys think of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild so far?
REPORT - Assassin's Creed creator can't stand to play Ubisoft games.
Expect to see a Sonic The Hedgehog movie as well.
Fall Out Boy & Missy Elliott ain't afraid of no Ghostbusters theme song.
[Presented by Mirror's Edge: Catalyst] Curious to see Faith Connor from Mirror's Edge in comic book art style? Watch our video!
We caught up with Oculus' Anna Sweet to discuss many of the hot-button issues.
What's in the box? Watch us open our Funko Marvel Collector Corps Women of Power box.
June 23 has been a great day in gaming throughout the years.
Today is Sonic The Hedgehog's 25th Birthday! Gaze up into the star light and enjoy this throwback.
Who should play Nathan Drake in the Uncharted movie currently in development?
Darth Vader wouldn't have been the same without James Earl Jones!
You won't need to say goodbye to your PlayStation 4 just yet.
Nathan Drake voice actor says no to Mark Wahlberg but could see Chris Pratt in the role.
A character from Star Wars: The Clone Wars animated series is coming to Rogue One!
What do you guys think of Ben Affleck directing the upcoming Batman movie?
What was your favorite Nintendo 64 game?
Link is at a loss for words in the new The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild game.
You've heard of Darkseid, but have you met his uncle?
Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is getting a new cast member!
Well this is awkward... Heroes of the Storm player gets called out by Blizzard.
Which games were on your E3 2016 wishlist?
Steven Spielberg prefers to be a fan than become a director for Star Wars Movies.
DC Comics is launching a six-part Night of the Monster Men coming this fall!
Warner Bros. Entertainment to possibly hold its own E3 briefing in the future - would you watch?
Have a look at what's to come in The Winds of Winter before this Game of Thrones season wraps up.
Steven Spielberg has confirmed that George Lucas will indeed be a part of the new Indiana Jones movie.
[Presented by Mirror's Edge: Catalyst] Jessica Chobot takes us inside the world of Mirror's Edge: Catalyst.
These games might've missed the spotlight at E3, but they're still awesome!
Vivendi's increased stake results in Ubisoft's shares rising.
NEW - First look at Balrog in Street Fighter V!
Do you agree with this decision for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of The Wild?
2017 seems so far...
Who is your favorite Suicide Squad member?
Quake turned 20 today! Celebrate by listening to this throwback.
Game of Thrones lead actors are all getting sizable pay raises for season 7 & 8.
Sony might owe you money after a 6 year lawsuit.  Read more here:  http://www.gamespot.com/articles/sony-might-owe-you-money-heres-why/1100-6441109/
The Last Guardian finally releases this October! Are you excited?
15 years later and still living life a quarter mile at a time.
PlayStation 4 is still planning to stick around.
Which bosses would you like to see in the new God of War?  Read more about God of War secrets and bosses here: http://www.gamespot.com/articles/god-of-war-ps4-trailer-is-hiding-some-secrets/1100-6441093/
Suicide Squad. It's what's for breakfast.
Images of Overwatch's Competitive rewards, the golden weapons, have shown up from a Korean Public Test Realm.  Read more here: http://www.gamespot.com/articles/check-out-overwatchs-gold-weapon-competitive-rewar/1100-6441090/
Meet the new caped crusaders in Gotham!
God of War director explains how this latest game was influenced by Star Wars.
Darth Vader is back!
Hop on board this throwback and let's collect S-K-A-T-E.
NEW - Attack on Titan in-game cinematics.
Clash of Clans developer Supercell  Oy has a new owner.
Tom Holland will play the wise-cracking wall crawler.
Images of Overwatch's Competitive rewards, the golden weapons, have shown up from a Korean Public Test Realm.
Eve: Valkyrie launched alongside the Oculus Rift in March, and now, it's getting its first major free update.
Director Roland Emmerich--who was hemmed in by '90s special effects when he made the first Independence Day --is back at his annihilative best.
Bungie explains why they chose to leave out Sony PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in their latest Destiny expansion.
EA Star Wars Battlefront grows today with the launch of the game's latest expansion, Bespin.
Here's a first look at Dead Rising 4's gameplay from E3 2016.
Jon Snow and Ramsay Bolton also discuss their parts in the scene.
Click and watch our top trailer picks from E3 2016.
Find out more about the latest gaming news that was revealed today.
The CW  is about to sign a major new deal with the streaming giant.
In a new interview, Ben Affleck  has revealed that the will indeed helm the upcoming Batman movie.
Which comic books are you looking forward to this week?
Valve might have around 300-350 employees, which would mean 100 or more people are now working on VR/AR.
Six years later, Sony settles a class-action lawsuit related to the PlayStation 3.
Sony have confirmed that a new animated film is currently in the works.
The Fable Fortune Kickstarter has been cancelled, but the card game is still happening!
New details emerge about the impressive Spider-Man  trailer from E3.
Turn up the video's volume for "hot undead action."
"[ Marvel has ] lots of things in the works, quite a few in the console space that are unannounced," he added.
This throwback gets us hyped for Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, just Saiyan...
The new God of War game will only be in single player mode.
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team, Blue Rescue Team, and Explorers of Sky are set to release on the Wii U.
Clash of Clans developer Supercell Oy has a new owner.
You can pick up Battlefield  4's Second Assault expansion free right now on Xbox  One and Xbox 360.
This Final Fantasy XV Trailer slipped by most people's radar this E3 2016...
Here are 12 games we expected to see more of at E3 2016 but that never showed up.
An update for The Division coming out on June 28 will introduce some "significant" changes to weapon balance.
Everything is not awesome with the The LEGO Movie 2 delay.
Nioh may be difficult--but it's rewarding.
What do you guys think of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild so far?
A new one-touch authenticator allows access to your Battle.net account by simply tapping a button on your mobile device.
We can't wait to see what's next from this series. How about you guys?
Hello Games has announced that No Man's Sky will get to keep its name after settling some "secret stupid legal nonsense."
Happy Birthday to our favorite raptor taming Star-Lord, Chris Pratt!
Team17 has released a statement addressing the cancellation of Allison Road, the P.T. (Silent Hills) inspired horror game developed by indie studio Lilith Ltd.
Kojima teases fans about the secrets within the Death Stranding trailer and Norman Reedus's character.
It's the same Kratos, he's just moved to Scandinavia.
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron also could be on the way.
We had a chance to play a demo of Absolver at E3 2016, read our thoughts on the upcoming 3D beat-em-up game.
The GameSpot of Thrones gang struggle to contain their hype over the latest Game of Thrones episode. Watch now!
Check out our choices of the strange and wacky things that shouldn't be overlooked from this week's releases.
A new Street Fighter  V mod brings Overwatch's Tracer to the game.
Hajime Tabata says he likes the idea of making the RPG available on the new, more-powerful systems.
Check out one of Civilization VI's key new features.
Valve is giving developers funds to make VR games--no strings attached.
Ever wanted to play as Tracer from Overwatch in Street Fighter V? Now you can!
Here's what the critics are saying about Keiji Inafune's Kickstarter-funded platformer.
Crash Bandicoot turns 20 this year, how many of you grew up with this game?
Zelda fans have decoded Hylian text seen in Nintendo's The Legend of Zelda:Breath of the Wild E3 demo.
Which games were on your E3 2016 wishlist?
The Game of Thrones moment fans have been waiting for is finally here.
Sid Meier's Civilization VI's first look at how cities now spread across the world map through the placement of Districts and Wonders.
As expected, Disney Pixar's Finding Dory is a huge hit!
Attack on Titan - Mikasa and Titan combat gameplay footage from this past E3.
Microsoft brings on Call of Duty and Mirror's Edge actors for Halo Wars 2.
Microsoft's Project Scorpio can run games at 4K resolution, but it's not mandatory.
Battlefield 1's destructive environments added another layer of flexibility to multiplayer matches.
Previous Mass Effect game endings will not affect the story for Andromeda.
Would you be interested in a Bayonetta 3?
Warcraft  is now the highest grossing video game movie! Have you watched it yet?
Xenoblade studio Monolith Soft is helping with the development of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Final Fantasy XV gameplay of in-game combat from E3 2016.
Overwatch's ranked mode will be based on your skill, not your progression.
All the weapons we've seen Link use thus far in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Director Hajime Tabata has revealed how long we can spend in the new Final Fantasy's world.
DC Comics is launching a six-part Night of the Monster Men coming this fall. Take a look at concept art of the villains Batman will go up against.
Final Fantasy 14: A Realm Reborn is already available on Sony PlayStation 4, PS3, and PC, but it looks like it could be headed elsewhere.
Finding Dory has been projected to be Pixar's biggest opening yet!
Marketing boss Aaron Greenberg calls the Xbox Scorpio "a beast."
Microsoft confirms that Dead Rising 4 won't be exclusive to Xbox One and Windows 10 forever.
Danny and Lucy sit down with some developers from Sony Bend and talk about their new open world zombie game.
Here's what's been confirmed for the new Dragon Ball game.
Who remembers Hi-C Ecto Cooler?!
It was a press conference defined by new hardware, with the Xbox One S and the more powerful Project Scorpio getting announced.
The 2005 Sony PlayStation 2/Xbox game is coming to PlayStation 4 next month, priced at $15.
Resident Evil 7 producer Masachika Kawata shared his opinion of Hideo Kojima's playable teaser for the now canceled Silent Hills.
E3 2016 has drawn to a close, so let's look back at what rocked, and what we'd like to see improved.
How can you land an Attack on Titan?
Here is our day three wraps up our E3 2016 hardware coverage and during the final day of the show.
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2: Future Gohan vs. TURLES!
We'll have even more content going up throughout the week, but here's everything you might've missed from the end of E3.
Meet your new Titan friend, Ronin, from Titanfall 2.
Get a glimpse of Nintendo's ability to create a self-contained Disney-like experience on the show floor at this year's E3.
What is your favorite Spider-Man costume?
Link has learned some new moves in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Proto Man's helmet, a statue of Okami's Amaterasu, and a bunch more!
Can you spot the difference?
Check out our round up of Ubisoft Sudamérica's highs, lows, and biggest games of E3 2016.
Watch some of our favorite Injustice 2 character intros and transitions released so far.
E3 2016 featured a bunch of exciting games that are set launch this year.
Welcome to the beautiful world of Eos!
Using a grappling hook has never been so fun.
Which DC Comics heroes and villains would you like to see in Injustice?
We sat down with Masachika Kawata, producer on Resident Evil 7, to learn more about the full game experience.
What character would you add to this list?
For the second time in less than a month, Microsoft has cut the price of the Xbox One.
Be thankful on Father's Day that you don't have one of these dads from Game of Thrones .
"I'll keep coming."
Go inside Microsoft's E3 2016 booth in this image gallery.
A lot is made of the Xbox vs. Sony PlayStation sales race, but Xbox boss Phil Spencer has his sights "beyond" that discussion.
For Kat, gravity isn't an issue.
The system that Microsoft touted the most at E3 reportedly won't launch until months after the 2 TB model comes out in August.
Which of these 3 NEW Pokemon Nintendo 3DS designs is your favorite?
Rise of Iron creative lead Christopher Barrett provides insight into the new raid and playable zone.
Mario Party: Star Rush puts players in control of Toad and has them recruiting characters like Mario, Yoshi, and Rosalina.
Are you excited for the Tales From The Crypt remake?
The fifth movie in the blockbuster adventure series will be released in 2019.
Here are the E3 2016 exclusives for Sony PlayStation 4, Playstation VR and Microsoft.
Microsoft announced two new Xbox devices at E3 this week.
Injustice 2 Gameplay: Gorilla Grodd vs. Atrocitus
Mario's creator says we'll see "a new kind of Mario in about a year or two."
Exclusive TEKKEN 7 Akuma gameplay.
Bungie director Christopher Barrett talked more about future Destiny support for last-gen consoles and the possibility of a PC version.
Here's every announcement from Microsoft's 2016 E3 press conference.
The title of the upcoming female-led reboot of Ocean's Eleven has been announced.
Don't miss all the news from Ubisoft's E3 2016 press conference.
Following the announcement of Death Stranding, Hideo Kojima Productions has now shared more details.
Final Fantasy XV cinematic and gameplay from E3!
The upcoming June update for Street Fighter V marks a turning point for Capcom's latest fighting game.
Combat gameplay footage from The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare has a much bigger focus on outer space and introduces new mechanics.
Ace Attorney: Spirit of Justice is coming to the West this fall.
We've compiled every announcement made by Sony at this year's E3!
Detroit director David Cage says that you need to be respectful of the city and its people when you use it as a setting for a video game.
In case you missed it, here is the gameplay footage of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands from Ubisoft's E3 conference.
How do you feel about Kratos being a father in the new God of War?
Crash Bandicoot is back... but not in his own game.
We've waited a long time for a new Crash Bandicoot game.
It's been 11 years and Kratos still looks good!
Agents of Mayhem is a part of the larger Saints Row universe, which means that trademark wacky humor is never far.
Bethesda confirms today that old mods won't be rendered unusable by the update to Skyrim.
When Sony PlayStation VR launches in October, you might have a difficult time finding a unit to buy.
"Xbox One Scorpio is designed as a 4K console, and if you don't have a 4K TV, the benefit we've designed for, you're not going to see."
Even though Gwent is a CCG, it has more in common with the popular role-playing game than you'd expect.
Batman: Arkham VR puts a greater focus on the Dark Knight's detective skills and lets you explore the Batcave and Wayne Manor.

Who would you like to see direct Gambit?
If you're looking for a spiritual successor to Mega Man, you may want to pay more attention to Recore.
Superman  might be besides himself over this one.
Attack on Titan - Mikasa and Titan combat gameplay footage!
Here is the Final Fantasy XV gameplay video from the Microsoft E3 press conference.
Actor and rapper Donald Glover is in talks to join the new Spider-Man movie's cast.
Injustice 2 shows off the super moves for Supergirl, Batman, Superman and Aquaman.
Square Enix hasn't ruled out the idea of a PS4 compilation for its previous Kingdom Hearts games.
Watch the Horizon Zero Dawn E3 2016 gameplay video here.
Finding guns from World War 1 is harder than you might think.
Insomniac Games is bringing back your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man!
Kingdom Hearts 3 won't be visiting any worlds from the Final Fantasy series.
In case you missed it, a Resident Evil 7 trailer dropped at E3 2016!
Check out this extended Days Gone gameplay demo from Sony's E3 briefing.
Kratos is back! God of War will be exclusive to PlayStation.
Square Enix announced that Nier: Automata has been delayed to early 2017.
We compared the official Skyrim Remaster footage with some high end PC mods - how do you think it stacks up?
Nintendo unveiled 3 new Amiibos coming next year for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
E3 2016 is done, but you can still catch Scalebound's gameplay reveal here!
Microsoft: New Hardware and Lots of Games!
Battlefield's graphics have come a long way these past 14 years.
This Final Fantasy XV Trailer slipped by most people's radar this E3 2016...
What do you guys think of Titanfall 2 adding a single player campaign?
At Sony's E3 2016 press conference, a VR X-Wing dogfighting experience was announced.
Games with dynamic scaling like Halo 5 won't need to scale the resolution to keep the frame rate stable.
The upcoming Paper Mario game for Wii U releases this year.
You can count on additional content releases after Sea of Thieves launch.
Game director Jeff Kaplan wrote a surprisingly detailed post about some of the stuff in the pipeline for Overwatch.
Game director Jeff Kaplan wrote a surprisingly detailed post about some of the stuff in the pipeline for Overwatch.
Get all the details on Bespin's new maps, weapons, Star Cards, Heroes, and Sabotage mode.
Strafe combines the fast pace of Quake with the one-death-and-you-restart tension of roguelikes.
Nintendo of America's president recently spoke about the current console battle and how the NX isn't part of it.
These are the most exciting, promising games coming out of E3 according to GameSpot's editors.
Rhythm Heaven Megamix launches today as a digital download on the 3DS eshop. However, Mother 3 is still unavailable.
Rare is aiming to make a "cooperative action-adventure game," contrary to what many believe.
Kratos becomes more familiar with his human side in the new God of War.
Our experience was a little different...
Read to see how Bethesda's VR ports are shaping up.
Who do you think stole the show this year?
We saw a lot of cool stuff at this year's E3 show floor.
Microsoft's upcoming Project Scorpio console is four and a half time times as powerful as the existing Xbox One.
These Witcher 3 cosplays are awesome!   Geralt: Maul Cosplay Triss: Nadyasonika Shani: Ladee Danger Eredin: Tarrer's costumes and props
Someone spotted the Mario Party: Star Rush box art on a can of pasta.
Here are the E3 2016 exclusives for Sony PlayStation 4, Playstation VR and Microsoft.
Sony's E3 demonstrations ran on a regular PlayStation 4.
There are over 1,000 options for each category per character in Injustice 2.
Check out this life sized Titan we spotted at L.A. Live!
Superman has been cast for Supergirl so we decided to rank all the previous actors.
Starting on June 16, Battleborn players will be able to buy taunts and skins across Sony PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
The perfect jam while flying on the high winds.
It's been 21 years ago today since we first saw Val Kilmer put on the Batman suit.
Activision today announced that its entertainment division has reached a deal with streaming juggernaut Netflix for their new show Skylanders Academy.
More details on Quake Champions will be announced at QuakeCon 2016 this August.
All the weapons we've seen Link use thus far in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Battlefield 1 brings modes like Conquest to World War 1 locations.
Watch some of our favorite Injustice 2 character intros and transitions released so far.
There are more people working on The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild than any other game in Nintendo's history.
Microsoft details Project Scorpio and God of War's Kratos has a new voice.   (Sponsored by Qualcomm® Technologies)
Get a bite-size view behind the scenes as the Airheads Candy Bites mural comes together for the GameSpot Co-op Stage.  (Sponsored by Airheads Bites)
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is set to release for Wii U and NX in 2017.
We sat down with studio head Tim Schafer and project lead Chad Dawson to learn more about Psychonauts VR.
Halo Wars 2 developer Creative Assembly plan to expand the franchise's reach.
Bruce Wayne takes center stage in Telltale's new Batman series.
Bethesda confirms that old mods will still be usable with the Skyrim update.
"I was surprised by the step of announcing something over a year ahead of time."
Would you want to see Dragon Quest 11 come to the west?
Our gallery walks you through all the hardware we saw on the showfloor on day one of E3 2016.
Are you looking forward to Doctor Strange?
We met with BioWare general manager Aaryn Flynn to talk about Mass Effect Andromeda.
An important update by GameSpot host Chris Watters was hacked at E3 2016.   (Sponsored by Watch Dogs 2)
Original Kratos voice actor TC Carson has confirmed that he is not set to return in the new God of War.
The Titanfall 2 figures feature pilot Jack Cooper and Titan BT-7274 from the campaign.
The Last Guardian is going to make us cry. We can already tell.
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2: Future Gohan vs. TURTLES!
Nioh is set for release later this year, but you'll be able to try it out this summer!
How can you land an Attack on Titan?
Resident Evil 7 will feature a different protagonist than the demo when it's released next year.
Check out this new Dead Rising 4 gameplay!
Link's cool boarding moves were shown off during the Nintendo Treehouse stream.
Meet your new Titan friend, Ronin, from Titanfall 2.
Can you spot the difference?
Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot confirmed the long-awaited Beyond Good & Evil sequel is still alive.
In Ever Oasis, you build an oasis using resources gained from adventuring and dungeon crawling.
Horizon: Zero Dawn comes with extra content if you're willing to pay a little more and prior to its release.
We hit the convention floor and took photographs of everything we saw.
Metropolis is too small for all this Super activity.
We got to go up close and personal with Microsoft's new Xbox One S.
Link has learned some new moves in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Sony wowed us with gameplay footage of the latest entry in the God of War franchise.
NEW Injustice 2 Gameplay: Gorilla Grodd vs. Atrocitus
What is your favorite Spider-Man costume?
Here are our impressions of Gears of War 4's atmospheric campaign.
Chris Watters breaks down the news for the first official day of E3 2016.    (Sponsored by Qualcomm)
A lot of great games were announced this E3, which was your favorite?
Waluigi, Daisy, and Boo all get their own Nintendo Amiibos.
We got a chance to play a small portion of Watch Dogs' campaign, read our impression so far.
Rockstar Games is adding 3 new maps for the Trading Places head-to-head mode in Grand Theft Auto V Online.
Platinum Games boss Hideki Kamiya shares thoughts on Scalebound's delay and how he feels about Resident Evil 7.
God of War is set many years after God of War III where you will play as Kratos.
From new titans to mid-air grapple hook takedowns, there's a lot to exciting new stuff to see in Titanfall 2's newest trailer.
Overwatch's playerbase now stands at 10 million people and counting!
Injustice 2 introduces loot drops at the end of fights that can boost a characters' stats.
Final Fantasy XII marked a significant departure from previous games in the series with the introduction of its Gambit system.
Read our break down of the Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer shown off during EA's E3 2016 press conference.
The Gwent beta kicks off in September.
We tried our hand at designing controllers and here is what we came up with. Check them out!
Exclusive TEKKEN 7 Akuma gameplay.
Players will be able to complete the Watch Dogs 2's story without killing.
Hideo Kojima has partnered up with Norman Reedus in the mysterious Death Stranding.
Give the man an Oscar.
Here are a dozen PlayStation VR games that Sony has showed off at E3 2016 so far.
Supergirl, Batman, Superman and Aquaman show off their super moves in Injustice 2.
Ghost Recon: Wildlands casts players as a team of legendary covert operatives deep behind enemy lines in Bolivia.
Good things come to those who keep waiting.
We spoke to Nintendo producer Eiji Aonuma about the upcoming The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Battle Royal is a four-player, free-for-all battle mode.
The doors have officially opened!
NEW: Final Fantasy XV gameplay of in-game combat.
Welcome to the beautiful world of Eos!
A remastered version of 2011's Bulletstorm is happening.
NEW Final Fantasy XV cinematic and gameplay from E3!
We got to visit Hyrule in The Legend of Zelda, read our impressions.
Titanfall 2's maps and modes will be available to all players as they're released.
New combat gameplay footage from The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
It costs a lot to use a controller that looks like it's bloodstained.
Ubisoft announces two For Honor special editions that bundle the DLC with the game.
It's been 11 years and Kratos still looks good!
All of your favorite internet people are joining GameSpot for a 3 day live show at E3.
Link climbs cliffs, uses stealth and wears plate armor in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
The Last Guardian collector's edition is available for preorder now and will release at the same time as the game, October 25.
NEW The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild coming in 2017.
Death Stranding is real, it's haunting, and it looks awesome!
Here's every announcement from Microsoft's 2016 E3 press conference.
Which DC Comics heroes and villains would you like to see for the Injustice 2 character list?
Ubisoft dropped a lot of news during their press conference and we've compiled them in this video - watch now.
Check out the wrap-up from yesterday's Microsoft, Ubisoft and Sony press conferences!  (Sponsored by Qualcomm)
Crash Bandicoot, Hideo Kojima's Death Stranding, God of War and more. Watch the E3 Sony press conference recap now!
If you missed the Sony E3 press conference, we've got you covered!
Here are the trailers and demo videos from Sony's E3 2016 press conference.
Below you can find all of stories from Ubisoft's E3 2016 press conference.
South Park game is set for release on Xbox One, PS4, and PC on December 6.
Only 5,000 Pip-Boy Deluxe Bluetooth editions will be available to consumers.
In case you missed it, here is the gameplay footage of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands from Ubisoft's E3 conference.
The Division's first paid expansion, Underground, will launch on June 28.
Sniper Elite 4 puts players in the middle of Italy during World War 2.
Watch the Horizon Zero Dawn E3 2016 gameplay video here.
The next entry in the Serious Sam franchise was just announced and this time it's coming to VR.
Crash Bandicoot is back!
We are getting a special edition Gears of War 4 themed Xbox One Elite controller.
Tom Clancy's The Division Survival DLC was teased today during the Ubisoft press conference.
New footage of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered shown at Sony's E3 conference.
Watch the Detroit: Become Human trailer from the Sony E3 2016 press conference.
Crash Bandicoot will be making a return as part of a partnership between Sony and Activision.
Don't call it a comeback.
Rocksteady, the developer behind the Arkham trilogy, is working on Batman: Arkham VR.
New Call of Duty Infinite footage spotlights a dogfighting mission in space.
Hideo Kojima finally shares his latest project - Death Stranding.
Insomniac Games shows off new Spider-Man title at E3 2016.
Chocobos, swords and... Afrojack? Watch the new Final Fantasy XV trailer!
Looks like Sony is working on a EA Star Wars Battlefront X- Wing VR Mission game.
Survival horror series returns with Resident Evil 7 and a PlayStation VR mode.
Check out this extended Days Gone gameplay demo from Sony's E3 briefing.
The Last Guardian is coming this October!
Kratos is back! Strong start from Sony with God of War gameplay.
Watch and discuss the Sony PlayStation E3 live stream.
Studio Wildcard has also unveiled the largest dinosaur in Ark so far.
For those of you who can't get enough of TEKKEN 7.
Didn't catch the Ubisoft presentation? Watch each and every one of the trailers from the conference here.
Hideo Kojima trusts Sony and wants to base his game on that relationship.
We compared the official Skyrim Remaster footage with some high end PC mods - how do you think it stacks up?
Trials of the Blood Dragon is a 1980s retro action movie-inspired spinoff.
Steep is an open-world action sports game in development for consoles and PC.
Smoke grenades everyday!
Ubisoft sheds light on the single-player component of its online-centric hack-and-slash action title For Honor.
Ubisoft announces their first title for the Nintendo NX - Just Dance 2017.
Watch 3 current and former Star Trek actors play Star Trek: Bridge Crew.
Ubisoft's second South Park game is set for release on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC on December 6.
Here's everything we learned about Tom Clancy's The Division today.
Watch Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands trailer from the Ubisoft E3 press conference.
Watch Scalebound's gameplay reveal from the E3 2016 press conference.
Who else feels that the Microsoft E3 presentation would've been better with more Chocobos? Kweh!
The Xbox Design Lab that will let players customize a controller to their liking.
Microsoft confirms the latest version of the Gears of War 4's wave-based co-op mode- Horde 3.0.
New Xbox console will deliver true 4K gaming with six teraflops of performance.
State of Decay 2 launches in 2017 for Xbox One and PC.
Gwent, the in-game card game from The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, is getting a standalone game.
Microsoft shares Halo Wars 2 multiplayer beta trailer - watch now!
Microsoft's E3 2016 press conference was packed with news- click to read what you might've missed.
Dead Rising 4 is officially announced and it feels like Christmas.
Akuma and Heihachi square off in this TEKKEN 7 trailer.
Gears of War 4 gameplay reveal from Microsoft's E3 press conference.
The Final Fantasy XV gameplay video from the Microsoft E3 press conference.
More Recore footage from today's Microsoft Xbox E3 conference.
Microsoft has released a new Killer Instinct trailer.
Xbox One S is 40% smaller than the previous model and will sell for $300 starting in August.
Xbox One Slim is 40% smaller and coming this summer.
Microsoft is acquiring career-focused social networking site LinkedIn in an all-cash deal for $26.2 billion.
The press conference will show off a bunch of Xbox One games, follow along with our liveblog!
Join us as we broadcast Microsoft's Press Conference from E3 2016! We go live at 9:00 AM (PST).
Wiz Khalifa scored the most points, while Seattle Seahawk Richard Sherman had the best kill-death record.
Play The Moment feature within Franchise Mode in Madden NFL 2017 can turn a game into a 15-minute compilation of playable highlights.
Titanfall has upped its Titan on Titan combat for their sequel.
Read our impressions on our hands-on experience with Battlefield 1.
Star Citizen's "major" Alpha 2.4 update is now available.
Jess wraps up an eventful E3 2016 Sunday. Titanfall 2 single player campaign, FIFA 17 story mode, Xbox One S, and so much more!  [Sponsored by Qualcomm.]
Ubisoft is working on a virtual reality Star Trek game.
We snapped the photo below of a massive poster from CD Projekt Red hung on the Figueroa Hotel.
A trailer for Dontnod Entertainment's Vampyr has appeared online - watch it here!
Click to find details on the six developers currently working on Star Wars games.
Electronic Arts announces"EA Originals," a new publishing program aimed at spotlighting indie games.
Bethesda is releasing an HD version of the acclaimed and beloved 2011 RPG for new consoles later this year.
Bethesda announced a Dishonored 2 collector's edition and here's an image of everything it comes with.
Prey stars a protagonist named Morgan and is set in the year 2032.
Developer Arkane showcases key game details for first time at E3 2016.
Bethesda's press conference got us missing the old The Elder Scrolls games. Which was your favorite?
Every announcement made during Bethesda's E3 press conference.
When a fan steals the show.
Dishonored 2 launches in November for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Read everything that was revealed on Bethesda's E3 2016 Press Conference by clicking the article below.
Bethesda reveals their new project - Prey.
Watch the Skyrim Remaster's E3 reveal here.
Watch this earth shaking Quake Champions Trailer.
From Dishonored 2 to God of War 4, here are today's biggest leaks.
EA has shown new gameplay for @[Battlefield] 1, the upcoming World War I shooter developed by DICE.
Watch the Battlefield 1 64-player online multiplayer match between Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, Zedd, Lupe Fiasco and more.
Microsoft finally has released a statement on all of the leaks: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
FIFA 17 will follow the story of a character named Alex Hunter as he makes his way up the English Premier League.
The rumored Xbox One Slim has new images and details.
EA has big plans for their Star Wars games.
A trailer for Dishonored 2 has leaked, ahead of Bethesda's E3 2016 press conference later today.
Asari, Krogan, and Thresher Maw are all confirmed to appear in Mass Effect: Andromeda.
Battlefield's graphics have come a long way these past 14 years.
Check out our roundup of all the news that was announced at EA's E3 press conference.
Art for the Wii U/NX Zelda game has reportedly popped up on Amazon.
Industry insider claims God of War 4 will be announced at E3, while The Last of Us 2 won't.
Find all of the major stories from EA's E3 2016 press conference.
Fresh Battlefield 1 footage shown during EA's press conference.
You will be able to play Titanfall 2 before launch!
Mass Effect: Andromeda pushes the boundaries of known space into the next generation.
Mighty No. 9 is not out yet, but creator Keiji Inafune is already talking about a sequel.
The EA SPORTS Madden NFL 2017 trailer is here!
Here's a first look at Titanfall 2's multiplayer.
Recore screenshots and the releases date has been leaked.
Titanfall 2's single player will focus on the bond between the Titan and its pilot.
Crash Bandicoot is indeed coming back, but not in the way you hoped.
It looks like EA SPORTS FIFA 2017's story mode will follow a character named Alex Hunter as he makes his way into the English Premier League.
The leaks keep coming. An image of the rumored Xbox One Slim console has been posted on Twitter.
Watch the EA - Electronic Arts press conference and other E3 2016 live footage.
If you can't catch the live E3 streams, you can follow along here with our live blog!
Leaked images of what is purported to be Dead Rising 4 have appeared online - check them out!
Standby for Titanfall 2!
The first episode of Telltale's Batman series comes out this summer.
EA accidentally reveals release information and gameplay of Titanfall 2.
Tune in to EA's 2016 E3 press conference right here.
We've made an essential pre-E3 guide to all the speculation and news so far.
Check out how The Mountain spends his time when he's not crushing skulls on Game of Thrones.
Add us on Snapchat! We will be posting live from E3.
Which Xbox One game are you most excited for E3 Expo 2016?
What do you think Sony needs to do to win E3 2016?
What does Microsoft need to reveal this time to top last year's press conference?
Here's what our editors think Nintendo needs to do to win the hearts of gamers at E3 2016.
The Overwatch intro for the anime you never knew you needed.
Dead Island and Dying Light developer Techland's new publishing outfit is behind the upcoming game.
First look at Injustice 2 gameplay. That ending, though...
We've summarized every game we know Nintendo will be showing off, and a few others we're hoping they'll talk about at this year's E3.
Here's what to expect from Bethesda's lineup for this year's E3 Expo!
Watch our compilation of TEKKEN 7 Rage Arts.
Visit the city of San Francisco virtually with Watch Dogs 2.
Sony has released a new gameplay trailer for Gran Turismo Sport, its upcoming PS4 racer.
NASCAR driver Jeb Burton takes the Forza Motorsport 6 NASCAR Expansion Pack for a spin.   Learn more here:  http://www.gamespot.com/videos/a-nascar-r-insider-takes-on-the-forza-motorsport-6/2300-6432526  (Sponsored by Xbox)
Psyonix is releasing another map for Rocket League and it's coming alongside the "largest update in the game's history."
Sony confirmed a more powerful PlayStation 4 is in development.
There are a lot of exciting PlayStation 4 games being shown at E3 this year, which are you most excited for?
Uncharted 4 tops the list, while last month's number one, Dark Souls III, slips to number 10.
The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker released on Nintendo Gamecube in 2002.
What are you most excited to hear about at E3 Expo?
Focus Home Interactive has released a new trailer for Call of Cthulhu ahead of E3.
Open beta for Microsoft's Halo Wars 2 will begin Monday, June 13, the same day that Microsoft's E3 2016 briefing takes place.
What do you think of Call of Duty Infinite Warfare's casting?
Bethesda is releasing the full 65-track Fallout 4 score on vinyl in July.
Gendry, Beric Dondarrion, and countless other Game of Thrones characters are currently MIA. Who else is missing?
All six DLC characters will be playable in A Shadow Falls.
Who is your favorite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Here is our Sony E3 wishlist.
While many of the rumors around Microsoft revolve around new hardware, Microsoft is also going to talk about games during its E3 briefing.
We've collected some of the Xbox titles we're excited to see for E3 2016.
Six ways Pokemon's upcoming mobile iteration is a smart use of the franchise.
Microsoft has yet again spoken up to say Xbox One game Halo 5: Guardians is not coming to PC.
Crackdown 3 could be poised for a big showing next week at E3.
Fact or fiction? Check out all the juicy E3 rumors.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst is now available on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC.  Read our full review here: http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/mirrors-edge-catalyst-review/1900-6416446/
Destiny's Rise of Iron expansion releases September 20.
Everywhere you look at the GameSpot E3 Co-op Stage is a familiar face.
Lex Luthor is the new hero of Metropolis.
Mighty No. 9 vs. Mega Man X.
Your favorite Street Fighters face crisis in the latest game.
From politics to advancements in science research, Warcraft has seriously changed the World.
Surgeon Simulator 2013's new free DLC lets you operate on Trump.
Until Dawn developer, Supermassive, has been a PlayStation-centric developer during the eight years since its founding.
Are you excited for Avengers: Infinity War?

LEGO dimensions is getting 16 new content packs which include Adventure Time, Sonic The Hedgehog and Harry Potter!
A team of 200+ animators have remade an episode of Dragon Ball - check it out!
The team behind Saint's Row is working on a new game - Agents of Mayhem.
Codenamed PS4 Neo, the new 4K-capable machine is on the way and will be sold alongside the standard system.
We would have gotten away with this throwback, if it wasn't for you meddling kids!
When you play with a friend who is a higher level than you...
"An unwanted ghost of San Francisco's past has resurfaced after fifty years."
Overwatch players have found a way to play badminton on the game's Volskaya Industries map.
Nintendo is introducing new content to its mobile social game, Miitomo.
Eidos Montreal and Open Bionics are designing and creating the prosthetic, while Razer is developing an advanced webcam and motion tracking technology to demo it.
The Call of Duty fan event returns after five years and takes place this September.
Starting June 12, Xbox Gold members can download the EA Access Hub app to play 20 titles for free!
We've collected our three articles that delve into what we've heard so far around Sony , Microsoft , and Nintendo's upcoming hardware.
Jeb Burton & Jeff Cannata race for the finish line in the Forza Motorsport 6 NASCAR Expansion, who do you think will win?   Learn more here: http://www.gamespot.com/videos/its-nascar-r-vs-the-world-in-new-forza-motorsport-/2300-6432528/ (Sponsored by Xbox)
Jason Bourne is back!
Warp Zone back to 1988 with this Super Mario Brothers 3 throwback track!
Does Warcraft repeat the video game movie curse? Read our thoughts around Blizzard's movie.
Man's got to have a code
Watch Dogs 2 launches this fall on November 15.
Agents of Mayhem is the next game from Saints Row developer Volition. Click the article to watch the trailer.
Arya and The Waif finally have the confrontation we've been waiting for, but not all is as it seems.
Injustice 2 has been confirmed and NetherRealm Studios is  developing the game.
NASCAR driver Jeb Burton takes the Forza Motorsport 6 NASCAR Expansion Pack for a spin.   Learn more here:  http://www.gamespot.com/videos/a-nascar-r-insider-takes-on-the-forza-motorsport-6/2300-6432526  (Sponsored by Xbox)
Activision to unveil multiplayer footage for Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty 4's remastered version in September's Call of Duty XP event.
Who is your favorite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Square Enix is planning to reveal some more information about the long-in-development RPG next week.
You can play Rocket League completely free from between June 9-12.
It's been 22 years of Warcraft!
See what made the E3 2016 most anticipated games of Xbox One list!
Warner Bros. Entertainment officially announced Injustice 2, the sequel to 2013's Injustice: Gods Among Us.
Read our review on the latest Sherlock Holmes game from Ukrainian developer Frogwares.
One fan has taken on the task of turning Pong into a real-life machine.
A turn-based puzzle game follows Hitman Go and Lara Croft Go.
Street Fighter, Resident Evil, and Devil May Cry are the big names in this week's PlayStation deals.
The GameSpot of Thrones gang debate and wonder if Lady Stoneheart could be the next to appear.   Beware: show and book spoilers!
Ubisoft today announced that it's taking serious measures against Rainbow Six Siege cheaters.
Alan Wake fans will have to wait longer to get anything related to Remedy's survival-horror franchise.
YouTube drummer Andrew Fleming today posted a Pokemon drum cover of the iconic Red/Green song.
Breach Mode puts new spin on Mankind Divided's gameplay.
GameSpot will host two stage shows at E3 this year with the help of Kinda Funny, ScrewAttack.com, Smosh Games, iJustine and more!
WildStar the Free-to-Play MMO hits Steam on June 9.
Watch our compilation of TEKKEN 7 Rage Arts.
Simple and Clean is the way this track is making me feel tonight.
The GameSpot of Thrones gang are hyped and share reactions to The Broken Man: Season 6 Episode 7 of Game of Thrones. http://l.gamespot.com/1t9WKVt
Here's what to expect from Bethesda's lineup for this year's E3 Expo!
CD Projekt Red is preparing a new patch for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
Here's what was worked on during the extra months of "polish" for Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.
Looks like Final Fantasy XV won't be the only new game in the series coming out this year.
Your favorite DC characters are battling each other again in Injustice 2!
Visit the city of San Francisco virtually with Watch Dogs 2.
The standalone Breach mode offers a significant departure from the main campaign.
New Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue Trailer.
Here is a list of playable games at the Sony E3 2016 booth on the show floor.
It's so hard to say goodbye...
Blizzard has fully detailed Medivh, the new Warcraft character coming to Heroes of the Storm.
Blizzard and Facebook's deal means players can log into Battle.net with their Facebook account and stream to the social media platform.
The trailer features hacking, guns, parkour, and horse masks
The full Battlefield 1 trailer arrives on June 12.
Jay Wilson was the director for Diablo 3 before moving on to other Blizzard projects.
EA to showcase Battlefield  1, Titanfall 2, and FIFA 17, as well as games coming further down the road.
An inspired developer has recreated the acclaimed puzzle game to run on NES hardware.
Details around Nintendo NX remain a mystery, but plenty of rumors have circulated.
The highly-anticipated sequel to Persona 4 will release in February 2017.
Here's what the critics are saying about Mirror's Edge Catalyst.
The next Rocket League update will introduce a Trade-in System as well as new Rare and Very Rare items.
Check out the outtakes from Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco's recent Clueless Gamer segment.
All of your favorite internet people are joining GameSpot for a three-day live show at E3.
Psychonauts is now available on PlayStation 4 for $10.
A Psychonauts game for PlayStation VR called Psychonauts in the Rhombus of Ruin is also on the way
XCOM 2 coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One!
The World Cup of Hockey, Draft Champions, and a revamped Be a GM mode make their way to NHL 17.
15 years later and I'm still paying off Tom Nook.
Aquaman director James Wan has revealed why he chose to take the movie on.
Here's a look back at a previous E3 Expo moment with Nintendo from 2005.
Injustice: Gods Among Us 2 could be announced very soon.
U.S. fans won't be playing Persona 5 until next February.
After launching as a PC exclusive, XCOM 2 is now headed to consoles.
Online services for Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer 2015 will be "terminated" on August 25
Here's what to look out for at E3 Expo 2016!
Superman and Supergirl will join forces in season 2 of Supergirl.
Everywhere you look at the GameSpot E3 Co-op Stage is a familiar face.
Bethesda's E3 2016 briefing is scheduled to kick off Sunday, June 12, starting at 7 PM PST / 10 PM EST.
The Watch Dogs 2 reveal event is scheduled for tomorrow, don't miss it!
Horizon: Zero Dawn has been delayed until February 28, 2016.
The Call of Duty Twitter teases that it Infinity Ward will showcase an "in-depth" look at the shooter's campaign for E3.
Superman may have died, but the previous Superman we knew is back. Wait what?
Look through our list of what to check out with this week's new comic releases.
The face behind Kojima Productions' mascot, Ludens.
TEKKEN sure has Gon through a lot of changes since 1994.
Halo League?
FIFA 17 will be powered by Frostbite and launches late September.
A statue, art book, and more await those willing to pay extra.
Psychonauts is coming to the PS2-on-PS4 program "soon, but not this week."
We'll get our first look at Watch Dogs 2 on Wednesday.
Preview Program members can start testing the update later this week.
Aaron Linde announced the news on Twitter and confirmed that June 3 was his last day.
From Marvel to Dragon Ball Z, here is this week's favorite picks of awesome art!
The fan-made Halo custom gametype, Clogged Toilet, has made its triumphant return in Halo 5: Guardians.
Sherlock Holmes: The Devil's Daughter takes an unusual premise and applies it to 5 new tales of intrigue, suspense, and moral quandaries.
Final Fantasy 12's Gabranth and Balthier join the vieran warrior Fran.
Uncharted 4 players can now only have two mines deployed at any time, instead of three.
Actress Alicia Vikander reveals that she's played the earlier Tomb Raider games in the past.
Steam agrees to ship Star Wars Battlefront 3 fan remake to its millions of users for FREE.
Warzone Firefight will be Halo 5's seventh free expansion since launch.
These officially licensed brews come in 22oz bottles and will be available through a "limited release."
Saints Row developer Volition has officially announced its next game - Agents of Mayhem!
One of the big talking points at E3 2016 next week could be new Xbox hardware.
Every day's great with this Persona 4 track!
The Batman game comes out this summer followed by The Walking Dead season 3 in the fall.
Hardcore parkour!
While the bulk of the episode revolved around Jon and Sansa's journey, this week was all about the return of a character.
New Battlefield 1 footage!
Blizzard promises to "keep an eye on" possible Overwatch cross platform play.
Looks like the PlayStation 4-exclusive Horizon: Zero Dawn, won't be making it out this year.
Who do you think he'll be most drift compatible with?
We've got more Yooka-Laylee news for you!
An official reveal could happen this coming week during Bungie's pre-E3 event.
Marvel's Civil War II kicked off with 2 major deaths.
Here's everything we've heard about Sony's possible new hardware announcements at E3.
Try eating a Golden Mushroom and staying on track on this road.
REVIEW: Mirror's Edge Catalyst works wonderfully as a platformer, puzzler, and racing game.
Battlefield 1 tops the Spring 2016 YouTube Game Trailers Leaderboard.
PREVIEW: Yooka-Laylee has already achieved something so few in its genre can; It makes you smile.
The changes leaked earlier this year are now live.
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End holds on to second place.
The current superstars of the WWE Universe all had to come from somewhere.
Starbreeze acquires Payday rights for $30 million and announces next game in the series.
Say hello to Solgaleo and Lunala.
Tech Editor Jimmy Thang compares both and puts them to the test in recent popular games and VR.
Wonder Woman finds out the truth about the day she was born.
Take a look at how the turtles were brought to life in the early 90's for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Courtesy of the Jim Henson Creative Workshop.
Sonic could team up with characters from other (Sega and non-Sega) franchises.
Capcom released a statement, saying Noel Brown is banned from competing in the 2016 Pro Tour season.
TEKKEN has been absent on console for years, but a new arcade version is confirmed for PlayStation 4.
Read our opinion on the Elgato HD60.
Mad Catz' co-publishing deal with Harmonix for Rock Band 4 wasn't beneficial for the hardware peripheral company.
Blizzard proclaims it "one of the most successful global game launches of all time."
This definitely doesn't make the Play of the Game list.
The DC Rebirth has already begun.
Kazunori Yamauchi shares some new details on Gran Turismo Sport.
What do you think about this Wonder Woman twist?
"For everyone else he was one person. For me, he was my dad."
"I don't know what people could be thinking."
Which game are you most looking forward to, Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2?
Ubisoft has new Assassin's Creed collection coming, but it's not what you'd expect.
What do you guys think about the big secret around The Joker?
You can display QR codes for any Pokemon you've already caught and share them with other players.
Click to check out what we think will be some of the biggest and best E3 2016 games.
Would you say yes to a Chrono Trigger remake?
Is Nvidia's new $380 graphics card really more powerful than a $1,000 Titan X?
It's not a game at all.
E3 2016 is one week away!
More free games on the way!
Watch a young Paul Rudd play games in this classic Super Nintendo ad!
Got any big Sunday plans?
Microsoft has told fans to expect a new Xbox One update in the near future.
Director Harvey Smith said that one tester linked two powers to make it incredibly easy to assassinate multiple targets at once.
No more Torbjörn please.
Which Marvel movies would make your Top 10?
Warcraft's box office numbers aren't looking as good as it needs it to be with its $160 million budget.
Details emerge about the reshoots on the upcoming Star Wars spinoff.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child opens in preview on June 7.
Dwayne The Rock Johnson brings his star muscle into his new role Doc Savage.
Nothing could be further from The Order: 1886 than De-Formers.
Fox suspended production of the movie indefinitely, and now, we've learned that the movie is being delayed to 2018.
A nice moment between Drake and Elena now looks quite different.
Streaming service Crackle today released the first trailer for its upcoming Dead Rising movie sequel, Dead Rising: Endgame.
Blizzard's Overwatch has no level cap, but one player has now reached level 100.
Xbox One price drops right before E3.
Keep calm and carry on that Star Wars Movies Rogue One hype.
FanimeCon was last week but you can still enjoy these awesome cosplays!
Injustice: Gods Among Us 2 in development!?
Looks like we won't have to say goodbye to Fable just yet.
Here is a roundup of some of the best offers on PlayStation Network.
$15 Starter Edition has all the content from the regular version, but not as many operators out of the gate.
We can't wait to see what's next from this series. How about you guys?
Which Sonic character would you like to see more of?
Let the VR-ready GPU war begin.
We've given Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Mutants in Manhatten a 4/10 score and here's why.
Alfred actor was interviewed recently and had a few things to say about what he thought of the movie.
Do turrets get repaired by health packs? Can you crush people with Mei's Cryo-Freeze?
How and when to watch the Microsoft, Sony, EA, Bethesda, Ubisoft, and Nintendo briefings.
Here's how Overwatch picks their Play of the Game highlights.
Overwatch has more players than there are people living in Arizona.
Blizzard has discussed potential changes it could make to Overwatch characters McCree and D.Va.
Throwback Track UnLocked!
Watch the security camera footage of a recent GameStop robbery where 7-year-old boy fights against the thieves.
The Marvel Universe is about to be divided.
Don't try this at home.
New and upgradeable items in Rocket League are coming later this month.
Tobey Maguire was planned to portray the wall-crawling superhero a fourth time.
Batman's war against Joker has taken a big turn.
Bill Skarsgard is reportedly in "final negotiations" to play Pennywise.
Blizzard seems to be doing a good job at making cheaters pay for not playing fair.
Nintendo back at it again with the white Vans.
New version of Fallout 4 Far Harbor "address performance issues" on PS4.
Mad Catz' co-publishing deal with Harmonix for Rock Band 4 wasn't beneficial for the hardware peripheral company.
Take a look at all the Grandmaster Armor in Blood and Wine and decide for yourself which set you want to invest in.
The developers are only promising Xbox 360 and Xbox One controller support.
Check out the ten things we noticed in the new Ghost Recon: Wildlands trailer.
The GTA-inspired APB: Reloaded launched on Xbox One today, marking the long-running free-to-play MMO's console debut.
Dishonored 2 director says that one tester linked 2 powers to make it incredibly easy to assassinate multiple targets.
Watch our video if you're thinking about upgrading your gear.
The PSN Store gets a make over.
Click to find videos for each hero and tips on how to play them.
Konami releases a trailer for its next MGS project, a Pachinko machine based on MGS 3: Snake Eater.
We'd love a remake, but DON'T TOUCH THE SOUNDTRACK.
CAPCOM talks about Ibuki's releasing timing, input lag, and rage quitters.
When your accuracy is down just switch to RPGs.
QR codes will help you become a Pokemon Master in the latest game.
2016 is poised to be a big year for Rock Band 4.
Throw mechs easier than shade in Just Cause 3.
Happy National Donut Day!
Fafnir also earns gold more quickly and has a reason to then hang on to it.
Read our full review on Odin Sphere Leifthrasir.
Over 1,500 players have already been banned by Blizzard on Overwatch
Harley Quinn & her "Puddin" are unboxed!
More Rocket League updates are coming later this month.
The Sims 4 gets a big update!
Kweh!
Happy Friday!
Overwatch cheaters beware!
Overwatch has already hit 7 million players.
Value!
Would you have watched it?
What could be coming to Destiny?
The Marvel Universe is about to be divided.
Duelyst successfully distinguishes itself from other card-based strategy games by adding a few new twists.
Check out these awesome cosplays from Fanime 2016.
The first season of Legendary Defender consists of 11 episodes, all of which hit Netflix on June 10.
The exact number of copies sold by Microsoft's latest count is 106,859,714.
How well do you know Star Trek?
Which game are you most excited for?
This unexpected partnership was announced today by Nintendo Europe.
Watch Dogs 2 will be shown alongside For Honor and Ghost Recon Wildlands.
Would you say yes to a Chrono Trigger remake?
Electronic Arts may not have a booth at E3 Expo this year, but they will still be hosting a live briefing at LA Live.
Game of Thrones viewers finally got the meet Coldhands, but who is this mysterious figure? Caution: spoilers ahead!
Get on his Overwatch level!
It's official! Watch Dogs 2 will be at E3 Expo 2016.
This track is not a lie.
The R-rated Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice "Ultimate Edition" includes 30 minutes of previously unseen footage.
This definitely doesn't make the Play of the Game list.
Suicide Squad goals.
TEKKEN has been absent on console for years, but a new arcade version is confirmed for PlayStation 4.
The Sims 4 gets an update to include gender customization options.
Here's what you can expect from Nintendo at E3 2016.
Is it time for a Chrono Trigger remake?
Meet the new legendary Pokémon for the upcoming game.
Do you agree with Marvel on the potential Captain Marvel casting pick?
Battlefield 1's trailer is now the most-liked trailer on YouTube!
Bethesda is returning with a press conference at E3 this year, what are you hoping to see?
What do you think about this Wonder Woman twist?
A dream Snake Eater.
You never forget your first Nintendo experience.
Say hello to Solgaleo and Lunala.
Gameloft's shareholders have backed a hostile takeover bid from French media conglomerate Vivendi.
Can this fighting series make a comeback?
Rocket League has now brought in $110 million, PS4 top platform for active players.
The Division servers are down today; here's exactly when and for how long.
Check out the article to find a series of videos offering tips and strategies on how to best play each hero in Overwatch.
Soon.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst. Xbox One. Right now!
Ready at Dawn are back with an entirely different beast.
The latest Mafia Game comes out in October; here's what's in the $150 Collector's Edition.
X-Men: Apocalypse teases three possible directions for the next X-Men Movies.
Take-Two CEO says Grand Theft Auto V Online was never intended to be "permanent."
The Amazon.com listing suggests the game will come out in July, the same month as the Return to Arkham remaster pack.
The Kickstarter campaign for the newly revealed Fable card game Fable Fortune is now live.
Ubisoft has yet to formally announce Watch Dogs 2, but it looks like that could happen soon.
Take-Two CEO Strauss Zelnick has spoken up about the "impediments" in front of virtual reality.
Here is today's news round up around  Battlefield, Final Fantasy, Grand Theft Auto V and more!
Just what did Bran's visions mean? We take closer look. Caution: Game of Thrones spoilers!
Which game are you most looking forward to, Battlefield 1 or Titanfall 2?
Wonder Woman finds out the truth about the day she was born.
The Getaway expansion for cops-and-robbers shooter Battlefield Hardline is now completely free until June 7!
Security camera footage was released of a recent GameStop robbery in which a 7-year-old boy can be seen fighting against the thieves.
If you remember this then your childhood was awesome.
Omnomnomnomnom!
New myths put to the test in latest episode of YouTube's Mythbusters gaming series.
Which FanimeCon cosplay is your favorite?
Flex your mutant knowledge by taking our X-Men quiz.
Battlefield 1's first livestream will take place at E3 2016 on Sunday, June 12 at 2 PM PST.
Watch our beginner's guide for playing as Reaper.
The first TV show connected to the X-Men Movies universe will star Dan Stevens and Aubrey Plaza.
Who would you like to see play James Bond 007 next?
We're looking back at the past two decades of gaming to celebrate Gamespot's 20th anniversary.
Ubisoft has new Assassin's Creed collection coming, but it's not what you'd expect.
June's free PlayStation+ games have been revealed!
Play Mirror's Edge Catalyst a day early!
What do you guys think about the big secret around The Joker?
Tweaks could be coming to Overwatch.
See how Final Fantasy XV is coming along.
Awesome new comics this week: Batman Rebirth, Civil War II, Nailbiter, and more.
Review: The Witcher 3's Blood and Wine expansion concludes the saga memorably.
Get ready to loot the Skylands!
Review: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan is both basic and overly complex.
GameStop CEO praises Uncharted 4, says once again new consoles are coming to E3.
Microsoft has now announced all of the offers for this week for Xbox Live gold members which include markdowns on games.
Ubisoft's team-based shooter Rainbow Six Siege is getting a new update and we have the details.
Gran Turismo series creator Kazunori Yamauchi explains why Gran Turismo Sport lacks features from the past games.
Pro Evolution Soccer's previous release on the PlayStation 2 revolutionized the game of digital soccer - will it do it again?
Unnamed sources state it is set for release in March 2017.
The actor that plays Alfred in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice opens up about the movie.
More than 85 movie theaters across the US, Canada, and Latin America will broadcast the PlayStation E3 briefing.
Here is what we liked and what we didn't in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows movie.
The third installment of the Star Trek reboot will be coming to theaters, nationwide, on July 22nd.
Starbreeze acquires Payday rights for $30 million and announces next game in the series.
Xbox One price drops right before E3.
Is NVIDIA GeForce's new $380 graphics card really more powerful than a $1,000 Titan X?
Which of these summer movies are you most excited to watch?
Get caught up with the Tullys of Riverrun. Caution: Game of Thrones spoilers!
The Witcher 3: Blood & Wine DLC is out and here is what we think of it.
Fallout 4's Far Harbor is the largest DLC from Bethesda and here are our favorite weapons.  See more here: http://l.gamespot.com/281mhQW
We give you today's latest gaming news from Gran Turismo and Resident Evil 5 to the possible Injustice: Gods Among Us 2
Mojang tightens the rules on in-game advertising in Minecraft.
This track deserves a Medal of Honor for being awesome.
From Marvel and Overwatch to Final Fantasy, here are our favorite FanimeCon cosplays from this weekend.
All of The Elder Scrolls games in less than 2 minutes.
Modder DBThanatos has released a teaser for a mod that brings the new versions of guns like the Gauss Cannon and BFG 9000 to the classic DOOM 1993 game.
CAPCOM has announced that an updated version of Resident Evil 5 will be available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One from June 28.
Keep calm and carry on that Star Wars Movies Rogue One hype.
Injustice: Gods Among Us 2 in development!?
Mech Land Assault is the second DLC pack for Just Cause 3.
Check out all the anniversary content we put together for you in this article.
Watch gameplay from the first level of the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutants in Manhattan.
New report claims that the upcoming Star Wars Movies is in trouble.
Pokemon fans in Hong Kong protest the Pikachu name change.
Halo 5's Hog Wild DLC lands on May 31!
Here comes  a new challenger!
Behind the scenes video of X-Men: Apocalypse reveals the VFX secrets of this Quicksilver sequence.
Looks like we won't have to say goodbye to Fable just yet.
Here's what we had to say about The Witcher 3's final expansion.
Here's how Overwatch picks their Play of the Game highlights.
Start the heist!
Which Sonic character would you like to see more of?
Fable isn't dead, with a new card game coming from ex-Lionhead devs.
Unleash the devastating power of the Straw Hat Pirates with these ultimate attacks!
A Batman-themed phone is coming to celebrate a three-year-old game.
The consequences of "just one more hour" of gaming.
Dragon Quest Builders is officially coming to the U.S. & Europe!
Sega survey asks about Sonic crossover games, with some odd options.
Warcraft director shares story of showing dad David Bowie the movie.
This hilarious Uncharted 4 bug removes Drake for a really odd cutscene.
Gargos is the main antagonist of Killer Instinct, and now you can play as him.
James Bond director confirms he's stepping away from any more 007 films.
Time is running out to pick up the Founder's Pack.
In honor of GameSpot's 20th anniversary, we've compiled every game that won our Game of the Year award over the years.
Are you prepared to know about your favorite Clown Prince of Crime?
Hello Games announces that space game No Man's Sky is not going to make it out in June as previously expected.
Watch the Plays of the Game highlights from our Overwatch live stream.  Watch the full stream here:  http://l.gamespot.com/25njwqZ
NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 1080 is a beast!
GTA Online is getting one if its "biggest and deepest updates yet."
Ubisoft has identified the problem and confirmed that it's working on a fix.
Over the past 20 years GameSpot has had dozens of hosts, reviewers and video producers. But where are they now?
There are some pretty unique strategies that Overwatch players can utilize if they're creative enough.
Here are the big changes that came with DC Comics Rebirth.
Meet the X-Men Movies latest villain, Apocalypse!
Here's an on-set photo of Alien Covenant's new leading lady.
Sega is interested in Sonic crossovers with Nintendo and My Little Pony, while Fallout 4's Far Harbor DLC suffers across consoles.
The new Rocket League map coming in June will add walls to the game.
This has happened too many times...
What are your console news predictions for E3 this year?
Here are some tips on how to handle Overwatch's Tracer.
Watched Game of Thrones yet? Yes? Excellent! Now come join us for some theorising!
From 8 Bit to Bullet Speed, Naughty Dog, LLC pulled all the stops in Uncharted 4 secret modes.  See more: http://l.gamespot.com/1NQVhx4
Get the detail on each Ghost Recon Wildlands special edition.
We've been updated on the performance target for the upgraded Xbox One "Scorpio."
Watch our Overwatch Hero guide to level up your Genji skills.
Besides the famous arc it's based on, Captain America: Civil War is packed with plot points from these other comics.
From DOOM 's freezing plasma rifle stun bomb to the gauss cannon's devastating siege mode, check out these weapon mods.  See more here: http://l.gamespot.com/1WYfCng
We've given Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Mutants in Manhatten a 4/10 score and here's why.
Are you excited to see more of The Incredible Hulk in Thor: Ragnarok?
Soldier 76 from Blizzard's newest game Overwatch has these guys in his sights.
With E3 2016 is right around the corner and here are the games that have been confirmed so far.
Look inside the $120 Collector's Edition of DOOM.
This takes us back to Endiness...
We test the live streaming capabilities of the $180 Elgato HD60 S; here are the results.
Post your favorite Sgt. Johnson quote!
How many of these WWE Wrestler's first appearances do you remember?
"Step into the wilds of Hyrule" in two extended demos.
Warcraft's box office numbers aren't looking as good as it needs it to be with its $160 million budget.
We've ranked every Marvel movie from worst to best.
Capcom has finally reveals the identities of the first 2 brawlers you see when playing Street Fighter 2.
The trailer shows the original "Revenge of the Jedi" name.
The Warcraft movie comes out on June 10, but this apparel is available now.
Hasbro has launched a new wave of its Marvel Legends action figure line to include characters from Captain America: Civil War.
Here are images featuring seven of Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy 15's characters.
Ori & the Blind Forest's definitive edition is releasing on disc.
A guide to Overwatch's gunslinging bounty hunter, McCree.
Meet NVIDIA GeForce's new GTX 1080.
Here are some details on the Witcher 3 patch that comes right before the Blood and Wine release.
Here's what to binge watch on Netflix before you say goodbye to them in June.
We've reviewed Blizzard's new multiplayer FPS Overwatch!  Read the full review here: http://l.gamespot.com/1sS4snD
Six more Xbox 360 games are now playable on Xbox One
In its modern reimagining of Shadow of the Beast, Heavy Spectrum brings one of these decades old text descriptions to life.
Would you watch a Fast & Furious spinoff around Dwayne The Rock Johnson's character?
Here's a visual guide on unlocking all the Uncharted 4 Photo Mode filters.
The Last Guardian is slated for release this year.
You'll have to wait a while longer to play the PlayStation 4 and PC space game.
We've written this PC component shopping starter guide to building your own custom PC.
We can't wait to see these movies!
Watch the Ninja Turtles fight against Shredder in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan.
Minecraft is getting an 8-player Battle Mode.
The first week of June brings us the final chapter of The Witcher 3 with Blood and Wine, Dead Island: Definitive Edition, and much more.
Head into the Wildlands with the latest Ghost Recon trailer!
Xbox boss Phil Spencer has responds to Xbox console rumors.
Looks like a Mirror's Edge TV show is on its way.
Here are all the essential details you need to know to understand the rich lore of Overwatch.
Here are 9 of our favorite Uncharted sets.
Watch how an all Mei team stacks up against a team of Hanzo's.
The Millennium Falcon and a TIE fighter are shown hovering over the physical records.
Click to find videos for each Overwatch hero and tips on how to play them.
Is Reinhardt your main hero? Here are some tips for playing him on Overwatch.
Check out the GameSpot Q&A, where we ask our staff and readers an interesting discussion question about video games.
Which Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game is your favorite?
Kill streak as Widowmaker snipes her way to victory from our all day Overwatch  livestream.
View our gallery to see what comes inside the Uncharted 4: A Thief's End collector's edition.
If video game characters were on Tinder, who would you swipe right on?
Read our thoughts on Blizzard's newest shooter Overwatch.
Goat Simulator in space. Because why not?
Brand extension comes as part of wider shake-up, with SmackDown moving to Tuesdays and airing live.
Unboxing the collector's edition of Overwatch.
Uncharted 4's Photo Mode is being put to good use by this professional photographer.
Alien: Covenant will bridge the gap between Prometheus and the 1979 classic Alien.
Click the article to view the Naruto and Sasuke statues in closer detail.
In case you missed it, the Final Fantasy XV director opened up about his experience in developing the new game.
Steve Rogers wasn't the only Captain America. Check out other men who have taken on the role in the past 76 years.
Hitman Episode 3: Marrakesh releases in a few days on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC!
Netflix exclusive deal with Disney, Marvel, Lucasfilm, and Disney Pixar movies start this September.
What features would you like to see added to Titanfall 2?
Ubisoft provides a new glimpse of what awaits in Wildlands.
Which E3 2016 conference are you most excited about?
Winston so OP!
We've rounded up some of the most graphically-demanding games that we could find and ranked them in order of how much it made our computer struggle.
Catch Pokemon in the real world with Pokemon Go.
In case you missed it, here is our Fallout 4 Harbor review!
Which games have you played from this list?
Watch gameplay from the first level of the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutants in Manhattan.
When you're over 30 and you enter a multiplayer game...
Click to read our 10 essential tips for buying a gaming laptop.
What would you add or remove from this list?
What is your Fallout 4 Harbor weapon of choice?
Director Neil Druckmann lists off the many things that got axed from the celebrated PlayStation 4 game.
Raise your hand if you've unlocked Uncharted 4's platinum trophy!
In case you missed it, leaked photos of the upcoming Star Wars Movies were leaked!
Which of these sci-fi weapons would you like to wield?
The fallout from the critical disappointment of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice continues, with a personnel change within DC Comics.
Which units are your favorite to use in Total War: Warhammer?
Make sure to read our review if you're planning on purchasing Kirby: Planet Robobot.
Unleash the devastating power of the Straw Hat Pirates with these ultimate attacks!
Which class do you typically play?
Watch our Dark Souls 3: Collector's Edition unboxing to get a closer look at what's inside.
Dragon Quest Builders is officially coming to the U.S. & Europe!
John Marston! Remember the name!
When you log in to your scrub account.
Which villains would you add to our list?
Reviews for the upcoming Warcraft movie started to show up this week and not everyone enjoyed it.
Hodor, hodor, hodor.
Overwatch or over rated? Find out what the critics are saying about the game.
We've compiled everything you need to know about each class, and what to consider before choosing them.
A "major developer" from Europe is releasing a VR game on Xbox  One next year.
Narrower courses and longer races headline changes in WRC6.
The new Rocket League map is expected to arrive in June.
Read our review if you're planning to check out Alive Through The Looking Glass.
Blizzard has responded to this particular Overwatch issue. Click the story to read more.
Dragon Quest Builders will launches this October!
500,000 copies of Total War: Warhammer were sold in its first few days which earned a new franchise record on Steam.
The update lands on all platforms next week "shortly before" the launch of the Blood and Wine expansion.
Here are some details on the Witcher 3 patch that comes right before the Blood and Wine release.
Watch the Plays of the Game highlights from our Overwatch live stream.  Watch the full stream here:  http://l.gamespot.com/25njwqZ
GTA Online is getting one if its "biggest and deepest updates yet."
Over the past twenty years GameSpot has had dozens of hosts, reviewers and video producers. But where are they now?
Hey Aussies, want to win tickets to see Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows? Enter our competition here!
Watch how this gamer used Super Mario Maker to propose to his girlfriend!
Get the details of Battleborn's latest update.
No Man's Sky delayed, Blizzard talks Overwatch's low refresh rate and more!
Meet the X-Men Movies latest villain, Apocalypse!
Flashback to our favorite articles in the past 20 years.
To sleep or to play video games?
First gameplay of F1 will debut at E3 2016.
Commencing operation Snake Eater.
Batman's war against Joker has taken a big turn.
How and when to watch the Microsoft, Sony, EA, Bethesda, Ubisoft, and Nintendo briefings.
We predict a lot of Mountain Dew and Pizza.
CAPCOM  has finally revealed the identities of the first two characters you see when playing Street Fighter 2.
First look of Katherine Waterson's character "Daniels" for Alien Covenant.
Fallout 4 Xbox One mod showcase begins at 1 PM PT/4 PM ET/8 PM GMT on Twitch.
Three day weekends mean more time to play games, am I right?
This awesome Star Wars Movies trailer shows the original "Revenge of the Jedi" name.
A new map is being added to Rocket League in June adding walls to the game.
Here are all of the games to keep an eye out for at E3 next month.
What are your console news predictions for E3 this year?
The could be two The Legend of Zelda demos on the show floor at E3.
Why did it have to be snakes?
From 8 Bit to Bullet Speed, Naughty Dog, LLC pulled all the stops in Uncharted 4 secret modes.  See more: http://l.gamespot.com/1NQVhx4
Oh yea, it's FRIDAY!
Ghost Recon Wildlands will take the action into the open world.
The Order: 1886 developer Ready at Dawn is revealing a new game next week.
The Warcraft movie is projected to make $25 million.
Original Fast & Furious movie returning to theaters for just one day.
Square Enix has released new screenshots for the next chapter of Hitman. Check them out!
We'd love to see Captain America cameo in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, how about you guys?
Watch the Millennium Falcon and a TIE fighter fly in this special vinyl edition of the Star Wars The Force Awakens vinyl soundtrack.
Try some new Steam games out and then pick them up permanently at a discount.
Xbox boss Phil Spencer has spoken up to talk about how he's excited for this year's E3 show.
Take your first look at Valley.
Goat Simulator in space. Because why not?
Check out team fatal fury in this new trailer for King of Fighters XIV.
The new images feature seven of Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy 15's characters.
Here's your first look at Absolver.
Here are 15 upcoming summer movies we can't wait to see.
Watch our Overwatch Hero guide to level up your Genji skills.
Mighty No. 9 developer expresses disgust with the new trailer and more details about the rumored Xbox One upgrades surface.
From DOOM 's freezing plasma rifle stun bomb to the gauss cannon's devastating siege mode, check out these weapon mods.  See more here: http://l.gamespot.com/1WYfCng
What do you think of Mega Man's new look for the upcoming animated series?
Here are the details on each special editions of the upcoming Ghost Recon Wildlands game.
The Piñata looks so threatening in Soldier 76's hands.
First Wolverine then Arrow, now Rila Fukushima is joining the cast of the Ghost in the Shell live action movie.
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided launches August 23 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Hopefully this will tide you over until Mirror's Edge Catalyst in June.
What's impressive about Overwatch is how it combines the characters and interactions into an organic being.  Read the full review here: http://l.gamespot.com/1sS4snD
With 20 transformations in Planet Robobot, this game is one of Kirby's best adventures yet.
Production continues on Ridley Scott's Alien: Covenant, which will bridge the gap between Prometheus and the 1979 classic Alien.
Gotta catch em all!
Check out the key art that was revealed featuring the cast of Star Wars Episode VII and Rogue One.
Would you watch a Fast & Furious spinoff around Dwayne The Rock Johnson's character?
Watch our favorite DOOM easter eggs to help you keep an eye out for them in your game.
"Far Harbor succeeds in delivering more of the same great gameplay and oddball characters that made the main campaign such a joy, but it can't muster an interesting story."
Let's hope Ariel becomes part of the live-action world.
The Last Guardian is slated for release this year.
The director wanted players to understand the "force and ferocity" of the bird-dog creature.
Minecraft is getting an 8-player Battle Mode.
The new Minecraft mode is expected to launch as a free update sometime in June.
The next Xbox is reportedly targeted to run at 6 teraflops.
Head into the Wildlands with the latest Ghost Recon trailer!
Sony has hit a new milestone with PlayStation 4 sales.
Hodor, Hodor, Hodor.
Nvidia exec explains why the company released Founders Edition graphics cards.
Rumour has it...
The Pokémon Go beta has started in the US.
If there was anyone in Overwatch who could get Play of the Game while AFK, it'd be Torbjorn.
Latest entry in long-running soccer series is coming this fall to consoles and PC.
Mighty No. 9 producer will be showing off the game during a steam on May 27.
The EA Access and Origin Insider Access free game libraries expands with new titles.
The next Xbox Live Gold Free Play Days event is taking place this coming Memorial Day weekend!
Blizzard's first-person shooter continues to have the low tickrate it featured during the beta.
Bungie today deployed a hot fix, version 2.2.3.0, that fixes Destiny issues.
Test your Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles knowledge with our trivia questions.
The ninja turtles square off against Shredder in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan.
A fan-made mod for Stellaris that makes all its characters white has been removed from Steam Workshop by the game's developer, Paradox Interactive.
Looks like a Mirror's Edge TV show is on its way.
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Xbox Executive responds to rumors around their console.
Time-travel could be set to have a big impact on Westeros. Beware: Game of Thrones spoilers!
Looks like Master Chief will be making his way to PC.
Watch how an all Mei team stacks up against a team of Hanzo's.
Ahead of the film's release in June, reviews for Legendary's upcoming Warcraft movie started to show up today.
Two new Xbox One consoles rumored, Titanfall 2 details leak!
What 27 years of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles looks like in video games.
Pokemon Go's field test officially starts today!
Who will live and who will die in this crazy, shocking The Flash season finale?
It started 39 years ago in a galaxy far far away...
Lucy investigates what would happen if fantasy and reality collided in Total War: Warhammer.
Capcom is banning adult entertainment sponsored eSports teams.
We push NVIDIA GeForce's new flagship GPU to its limits and benchmark the graphics card.
Here are some tips for playing Reinhardt on Overwatch.
Sonic The Hedgehog turns 25 this year and Sega may have a new game in the works.
Nintendo will be giving 500 people the opportunity to be the first to play The Legend of Zelda for Wii U at its New York store.
Amy Hennig, a writer/creative director on the first three Uncharted games at Naughty Dog, Inc., will be honored by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).
Hitman Episode 3: Marrakesh releases next week on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC.
Finding Dory comes out June 17, 2016.
We spent 50 turns with the upcoming sequel in Firaxis' storied strategy franchise.
What features would you like to see added to Titanfall 2?
Blood Money HD is "not on our radar."
Stop playing with us. Please. [Beware of Season 6 Spoilers]
In the last 20 years, which game is your absolute favorite?
Winston so OP!
A separate report also suggests Microsoft will showcase new streaming devices at E3 in June.
Be honest. How late did you stay up playing Overwatch last night?
Mario Party. Threatening friendships since 1998.
"Overwatch is an exercise in refined chaos."
Spoiler warning!
We list our 7 favorite comics that you should read this week.
Prepare for Geralt's last ride.
Beauty and the Beast trailer has beaten The Force Awakens for most the views in first 24 hours.
The Division, Assassin's Creed, and more return in Ubisoft's Humble Bundle encore.
A new video game exhibit opened today at New York's The Strong Museum.
Professional photographer Ray Soemarsono has uploaded a series of images he took in Uncharted 4.
Check out the poster for Guerrilla Games' PlayStation 4 exclusive Horizon: Zero Dawn.
Read our guide to mastering your Overwatch Hero of choice!
Corridor Digital created an aerial fight with Star Wars Movies drones: one X-wing and three TIE fighters.
EA - Electronic Arts has posted the launch trailer for Mirror's Edge sequel Catalyst.
Defend Altdorf from the villainous hordes of the Chaos Warriors in this epic battle from Total War: Warhammer.
Spider-Man makes his way to LEGO's Marvel's Avengers in this new trailer.
The Spider-Man Character Pack includes 6 versions of the friendly neighborhood web-slinger.
Check out the healer and warrior Alani, featured in Battleborn.
Things is Kings Landing are looking a bit... tense. Dive into some Game of Thrones predictions with us! Beware: spoilers.
We're celebrating 20 years of GameSpot this week, and to mark the occasion, we're reminded of the wonderful reasons why games have blessed our lives.
Check out the fresh gameplay from the upcoming Resident Evil spin-off.
We're going to see a lot of The Incredible Hulk in Thor: Ragnarok!
A guide to Overwatch's gunslinging bounty hunter, McCree.
Class-based shooters have seen a lot of changes these past 20 years.
Tom Clancy's The Division's major update has arrived and Sony projects that they will sell an extra 20 million PlayStation 4s by next April!
Alani--who is a "warrior-monk healer"-- is available today in Battleborn.
Geoff Johns discusses his new role and reveals he is working on Ben Affleck's standalone Batman film.
We've seen a lot of great games come out these past 20 years.
Here's everything you need to know about what VR is and how it will affect your life in the near future.
A new batch of Deals With Gold offers are now available on Xbox Live.
There are X-Men Movies specific filters on Snapchat as well.
Hideo Kojima is modeling his new Kojima Productions studio after Little Big Planet and Dreams developer Media Molecule.
The Atlas Gorge multiplayer map for @[Call of Duty] Advance Warfare is now free!
Which Gears of War game is your favorite in the series?
What have you received in your Overwatch Loot Boxes so far?
No doors were held on this episode.
Star Wars Episode VIII set photos leaked!
What are your go-to units in Total War: Warhammer?
Playing Overwatch and opening 50 loot crates!
From The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time to Red Dead Redemption, take a trip down memory lane with us.
Cowabunga, dude!
Get ready for Rocket League cross-play!
When the other team's cool but you're still mad that you lost.
Snap up Battleborn while the price is lower.
See what's new in the latest Battleborn update.
That's a whole lot of PlayStations!
You'll have to wait a bit longer for a ranked mode in Overwatch.
The fat cat is back!
Monkey Island creator Ron Gilbert has asked Disney on Twitter to sell him the rights to his two beloved franchises.
Final Fantasy XV's director, Hajime Tabata, explains the "Final Fantasy disease."
Netflix  will soon be the only place to stream films from Disney, Marvel , Lucasfilm, and Pixar in the US.
Star Wars Movies on-set pictures were leaked by fans who snuck onto the set outside of London.
Get Battleborn now for only $40 at Amazon.com and GameStop!
Aussie competition: Want to win a trip to E3? Enter our competition before it closes this week!
Invites for the upcoming Fallout 4 Xbox One Mods beta test were sent out this morning.
What is your Fallout 4 weapon of choice?
Travis Fimmel, who plays Anduin Lothar, shares his training routing for the upcoming Warcraft movie.
Find out what prize you'll receive for earning Uncharted 4's platinum trophy!
The DC Comics Universe: Rebirth is on sale May 25 and Geoff Johns discussed some spoilers and changes that are coming.
Killing things with swords and guns is still fun in Shadow Warrior 2.
Pac-Man 256 will feature local cooperative multiplayer on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Uncharted 4 shifts 2.7 million copies to customers in its first week, and director Hajime Tabata explains "Final Fantasy disease."
The physical edition of Ori and the Blind Forest's Definitive Edition will launch on June 14!
Which character are you looking forward to playing as?
A police officer donated his collection of Pokemon trading cards to young boy who had his stolen.
"Overwatch's strongest aspect is how it manages to constantly teach you something new."
Fan-made Uncharted 4 video has all the cover-based combat and car chases you'd expect.
Watch our video to learn more about Captain America Civil War character Baron Zemo.
Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco's Clueless Gamer takes on Overwatch!
View the latest contents of Smuggler's Bounty with this unboxing video.
Total War: Warhammer's release is less than a day away!
If you're going to see one movie based on a gaming franchise this year...it probably shouldn't be this one.
Ori & the Blind Forest's definitive edition is releasing on disc.
Ubisoft , Warner Bros. Entertainment, Alienware , and Oculus  will have demos during the "E3 Live" show.
Monday feels after Game of Thrones.
"Around that time, I realized that among fans as well, there are people who've caught Final Fantasy disease."
Star Trek Beyond hits theaters this July.
"I still do not support piracy, do not use this library for pirated copies."
Total War has taken a step out of realism to add some mythical creatures to your arsenal.
FUS RO Damn this song got me hyped.
Get ready for Fallout 4 Far Harbor with our top tips!
How does Shadow Warrior 2 keeps the Doom-style shooter trend going strong?
This should totally be a movie!
Gran Turismo Sport is already the PS4's sexiest racing game, and here's why.
Angry Birds movie hits #1 for the weekend at US box office.
Oculus shuts down app that let Vive users play Rift exclusives.
Do you believe in the Madden Curse?
Which super hero team up would you like to happen?
Watch and see how DOOM's graphics vary from Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC.
Carl Edwards gets the cover!
The promotional figures come in the form of Tracer, Genji, and Pharah.
Rockstar Games is "hard at work" on new games.
Gran Turismo Sport is headed to PlayStation 4 this fall.
PlayStation 4's Nioh to revamp stamina system and remove durability for final game.
The live-action film is expected to be a "family friendly comedy."
"As we've stated previously, we have no plans to release Halo 5: Guardians on Windows 10."
We've given DOOM an 8/10. What would you rate the game?
"Deep below ground...where memories sleep...anger is restless ...and secrets don't keep."
Hideo Kojima's been visiting game studios and here's why.
The waiting is the hardest part.
Overwatch comes out in 2 days! What platform will you be playing on?
Turn it up to 11!
Square Enix has revealed its plans for E3 Expo...
BioWare might be getting in on the action.
Perched at the top.
Microsoft recently completed an end-to-end runthrough of its E3 briefing.
More than 6,400 people weighed in.
"Hold on to something!"
EA Star Wars Battlefront's lack of a single-player campaign has been addressed.
Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham City are getting remastered for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 will release this year for PlayStation 4, Xbox One & PC.
WESA wants to detoxify the business of esports competitions, but surely it must start with its own problems?
Can you believe this game came out 19 years ago?
The second trailer of the week for the upcoming comedy reboot.
Where they at doe?
The Gran Turismo Sport Beta Canceled.
Trials of Osiris and Iron Banner are both on hold while Bungie works on a fix.
The modified version of Mario Kart featured Tampa Bay's mascot, ThunderBug.
Time for New Releases! This week, we're getting Overwatch, TMNT: Mutants in Manhattan, and Total War: Warhammer.
NASCAR Heat Evolution is coming to PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC this September.
Price will increase in Canada, Europe, and New Zealand, among other places.
Here's everything you need to know.
"I can assure you we are not working on another Witcher."
Kazunori Yamauchi confirms there won't be a beta before launch.
The Destiny sequel is coming in 2017 and is apparently undergoing some big changes.
Check out the stats accumulated across 37.6 million matches.
New Pokemon Sun and Moon details will be released on June 2 so mark your calendars!
HBO has announced the titles of future Game of Thrones Season 6 episodes and also provided synopses for them.
Can you beat DOOM on Ultra Nightmare difficulty in 5 hours without dying?
A new striking Assassin's Creed Movie poster has been released!
Thor: Ragnarok adds five actors to its cast list.
Oscaar Isaac told Rolling Stone that Star Wars Movies Episode VIII will see all of the film's heroes pushed to their limits.
Star Trek Beyond is the third film in the series since it was rebooted in 2009.
The price cut is for all Nintendo 2DS systems, including the bundle that comes with Mario Kart 7.
Here is everything that's been confirmed so far for Battlefield 1!
More details have been released on Gran Turismo from producer Kazunori Yamauchi.
The world of Final Fantasy XV is so beautiful.
Resident Evil 7 is in the works and it's returning to the series' horror roots.
Minecraft videos featuring the official Mario Mash-Up have been subject to copyright takedowns on YouTube.
Final Fantasy Brave Exvius is coming West.
Studio director says this is "just the beginning" for Halo on PC.
Don't forget to sign up for the Pokemon Go beta!
Just 3 more days until Overwatch!
Feel the Serge of nostalgia as you listen to this timeless tune.
The future of Game of Thrones is coming into focus.
Follow the evolution of Call of Duty from World War 2 to Infinite Warfare.
The Walking Dead's Season 6 finale ended with a cliffhanger, and some fans weren't too happy.
Dambuster Studios has acknowledges Homefront: The Revolution frame rate is "not currently where we want it to be."
Playtonic Games is finally ready to show off more of its Banjo-Kazooie spiritual successor.
Blizzard has erected huge Overwatch action figures in destinations around the world.
Check out the Overwatch  stats accumulated across 37.6 million matches.
Those accepted into the Fallout 4 beta will be giving mods a try next week.
Mojang partners with NetEase to bring the sandbox game to new country.
Universal Pictures has shared the first image of Mad Max  actress Charlize Theron in Fast & Furious 8.
Looks like Michael Keaton will be joining the Spider-Man Homecoming cast.
"I would love to be able to continue Resident Evil Revelations as a spinoff series."
Here is what Final Fantasy XV might look like if Gearbox designed it and Battleborn if Square Enix made it.
The latest X-Men Movies video is an '80s-style recruitment infomercial.
Charlize Theron joins the Fast & Furious 8 cast and Universal Pictures has hared the first image of her in her new role!
The new Mirror's Edge Catalyst map is entirely explorable.
Who is your favorite Overwatch character?
The Destiny sequel is coming in 2017 and is apparently undergoing some big changes.
14 years on the Battlefield.
When you go beast mode but it's on easy.
Watch and see how DOOM's graphics vary from Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC.
5 cool features in Escape From Tarkov's alpha.
Geralt of Rivia's journey is coming to an end.
The Flash, Arrow, Supergirl, and DC's Legends of Tomorrow to get CW's biggest DC Comics crossover ever!
NASCAR Heat Evolution is coming to PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC this September.
The Gran Turismo Sport Beta Canceled.
Hope you weren't looking forward to a Gran Turismo Sports beta...
Oh-ee-yeah. TaleSpin! Oh-ee-yoh. TaleSpin!
Get caught up before Overwatch launches.
It looks like the next Destiny expansion will be called Rise of Iron.
Get a closer look at Total War: Warhammer's new Chaos Warriors faction!
The Flash, Arrow, Supergirl, and Legends of Tomorrow will combine for biggest DC crossover ever.
Rockstar Games is "hard at work" on new games.
Destiny's unlimited rocket glitch cancels the next Trials of Osiris.
This cool Mario Kart projection happened during an NHL game intermission.
Hey big spender!
Rocket League is finally making it easy to say "GG"
PlayStation 4 has the edge for resolution, but Xbox One offers better frame rate, it seems.
Forge -- Halo 5: Guardians Edition on the way for Windows 10 later this year.
Actor Oscaar Isaac himself voices Poe Dameron in LEGO Star Wars 7.
Alani is an Eldrid "warrior-monk healer" that will be out for Battleborn players on May 31 at 9 AM PDT.
The modified version of Mario Kart featured Tampa Bay's mascot, ThunderBug.
Gran Turismo Sport, the latest entry in the Sony PlayStation-exclusive racing sim  will launch in November.
10,000 more Final Fantasy XV Ultimate Collector's Edition will be available on Monday, May 23.
A new X-Men Movies clip has been released, focusing on Michael Fassbender's villainous Magneto.
Gran Turismo Sport is headed to PlayStation 4 this fall.
The new Witcher 3 video is called "New Region," and it shows off the expansion's all-new setting, Toussaint.
The Overwatch servers go up at the same time across the globe.
Just where has Petyr Baelish been hiding? Beware: Game of Thrones spoilers!
Supergirl has moved from CBS to the CW, and its new network has a huge crossover planned.
PlayStation 4's Nioh to revamp stamina system and remove durability for final game.
Creator of the Dead Island and Dying Light franchises is working on at least two new games.
Leeeeeeeeeeerooooy Jenkinnnnns!
Idris Elba is set to play Roland the Gunslinger in The Dark Tower Series movie and Stephen King is excited!
What are Path of Exile's top 4 updates?
Sony is "certainly aware" that fans would like to see the Crash Bandicoot series return.
Bow chicka wow wow. (Don't worry, it's good clean fun: SFW).
Paula Patton trained for 2.5 hours a day, six days a week to prepare for her role in the movie.
Fallout 4's post-apocalyptic Far Harbor is out now!
Just 5 more days until the Overwatch release, but who's counting?
Besides the famous arc it's based on, Captain America: Civil War is packed with plot points from other comics.
Included with Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 Eclipse are four new multiplayer maps and a new Zombies campaign.
Grand Theft Auto V has shipped 65 million copies and continues to grow.
Sweet new Gran Turismo Sport gameplay!
Dishonored 2 devs discuss taking the game to a new setting and introducing a new character.
This is the reason behind Hideo Kojima's frequent game studios visits.
Cheers, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt!
This spoof has more placenta cream and Vegemite than the 2000 Christian Bale movie.
The Dark Knight returns!
REVIEW: We've given DOOM an 8/10. What would you rate the game?
There could be an announcement from Rockstar Games before next year, but we won't get our hands on a new game for a while.
When your back aches from carrying your team.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na... Katamari Damacy!
The new Kojima Productions is making "a big title with a small team."
Watch our X-Men Apocalypse: spoiler-free review here.
"It's a triumph of real-time strategy design, and the best the Total War series has ever been."
1 million Xbox gamertags have been freed up, check out how you can get one.
PSN maintenance is coming up, here's the exact time listing.
Someone's beaten the game mode that DOOM's developers couldn't even beat.
This Metal Gear Solid 5-inspired prosthetic arm is being featured in a new documentary.
Players have now created 7.2 million courses in Super Mario Maker, Nintendo reveals.
All World of Warcraft expansions are now free as part of the base game, except for the upcoming Legion.
Fallout 4's Far Harbor will be available May 19.
Somewhere within Homefront: The Revolution exists a solid and cinematic shooter.
Richard Hilleman was one of the key designers on the original EA SPORTS Madden NFL games.
Can you beat DOOM on Ultra Nightmare difficulty in 5 hours without dying?
Epic Games announces a free beta weekend event for its upcoming MOBA Paragon.
Ubisoft's action-RPG comes to a new platform and gets a big update.
Sony will perform regular maintenance on PSN next week.
A new ship has sailed into the hearts of Game of Thrones fans! Beware: spoilers.
New Pokemon Sun and Moon details will be released on June 2 so mark your calendars!
Square Enix has revealed its plans for E3 Expo...
Hideo Kojima, the creator of the Metal Gear Solid series, will appear on a livestream Q&A event tomorrow.
"Don't ever forget: Wherever you go, I'm always with you."
Who watched last night's episode of The Flash?
The Mass Effect ride is the "world's largest and highest definition LED screen."
Brush up on Warhammer ahead of the new Total War with our rundown.
All World of Warcraft Expansions are now free except for Legion.
Warner appoint heads of newly-formed DC Films to oversee its cinematic universe.
Square Enix announces some of its plans for the show and teased some "exciting Tomb Raider news."
BioWare might be getting in on the action.
One does not simply get referenced in DOOM.
Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham City are getting remastered for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Kingsman: The Secret Service sequel Adds Elton John to Star-Studded Cast.
Which platform will you be playing Battlefield 1 on?
The world of Final Fantasy XV is so beautiful.
EA Star Wars Battlefront's lack of a single-player campaign has been addressed.
Circle June 2 on your calendar!
Oh don't act like you haven't done this before...
Are you in the market for a The Legend of Zelda trading cards?
It's a rumour no longer! The Dark Knight is returning on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Gotta catch em all!
It looks like there might be some good news for Xbox Live Gold subscribers.
What do you want to see next from BioWare?
Pick up a bargain!
Say hello to Frostbite Labs.
Patrick Soderlund was eventually convinced, and now believes WW1 is "right for the franchise and right for EA - Electronic Arts."
Bandai Namco Entertainment officially announces Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Over 350,000 Mega Drive and Genesis games have been purchased on Steam since they were made available.
The Xbox One backwards compatible list is now over 170 games.
Ubisoft believes Assassin's Creed Movie could break through and become a hit.
Fans who watch the World of Warcraft movie at a participating theaters in the U.S. will get a free digital copy of the game.
The new DOOM is louder and faster than the old model.
Hideo Kojima has revealed the full-body image of the Kojima Productions mascot.
Tom Clancy's The Division's next update, Conflict, will debut on May 24.
Play Dark Souls 3 in first person with new mod.
Just what could the next episode of Game of Thrones have in store? Beware: spoilers!
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 will release this year for PlayStation 4, Xbox One & PC.
Four maps, new weapons, and more gadgets now available for free.
DOOM has come a long way!
Halo darkness my old friend.
Watch the second trailer of Disney's The BFG Movie.
Resident Evil 7 is in the works and it's returning to the series' horror roots.
The upcoming Tetris movie will be "an epic, sci-fi thriller."
Meet Jyn, Baze, Bodhi, and K-250...
Xbox tempts our wallets with the latest list of Deals With Gold.
Game of Thrones has been on fire lately.
Transformers: The Last Knight is scheduled to be released in June 2017.
"We took much more care not to follow the original 1997 game which was perceived by many as misogynist, racist even."
Pokémon Go's beta expands to the US.
Mr. Robot premiered on USA Network in June and was one of the breakthrough TV hits of 2015.
Could the World Esports Association be in trouble before it even begins?
[UPDATE] It looks like the announcement Ybarra was referring to was Call of Duty: Black Ops coming to the Xbox One's backwards compatibility program.
Cliff Bleszinski shares the love with DOOM.
Why can't this be out already?!
UPDATE: Black Ops Comes to Xbox One backwards compatibility Program!
What could From Software have up its sleeve?
It's not Pokemon yet, but Nintendo  and Level-5 are going all out with Yo-Kai Watch releases.
The upcoming 24 reboot will debut immediately following next year's Super Bowl.
We put the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 to the test.
Cliffhangers are the worst...
Wow.
The new Transformers movie is titled Transformers: The Last Knight.
Xbox Live price is to increase in some countries.
We'll have an in-depth review later this week, but for now here are our initial impressions.
Smite Xbox One/PS4 patch adds an assassin, new skins, and more.
The first wave of Xbox gamertags will be made available at 11 AM PST / 2 PM EST on May 18.
"We've decided that toy won't sell as well if it's a female," Shane Black says he was told by Marvel executives.
Nintendo's NX, which is only its codename, is rumored to be a console/mobile hybrid that uses "industry-leading" technology.
An introduction to Dishonored 2's picturesque setting and Emily Kaldwin's supernatural powers.
Predator  is set to be released on March 2, 2018.
Preacher premieres this weekend, and a new trailer has been released.
Captain America: Civil War has grossed $940.8 million worldwide.
Blizzard released another short film to promote Overwatch which focuses on Hanzo and Genji.
Register for your chance to beta test the new Pokemon mobile game.
The turn-based Final Fantasy Brave Exvius mobile game arrives this summer.
Find out exactly when Steam's 2016 Summer Sale is reportedly set to kick off in June.
Guile's theme goes with everything…EVERYTHING!
What is the mascot wearing in the Kojima Productions logo? We'll have to wait to find out.
Which actresses would you like to see in the female-led Ocean's 11 reboot?
Players can preload Homefront: The Revolution now, though PlayStation 4 and Xbox  One gamers have to wait until 9 PM PT.
Which Nintendo franchises would you like to see made into movies?
How far are you in Uncharted 4?
Raise your hand if you'd love to see Margot Robbie star in her own Harley Quinn movie.
Mark your calendars. Sony has dated its E3 2016 press conference!
Final Fantasy Brave Exvius is coming West.
Join the GameSpot of Thrones gang for a detailed rundown of Game of Thrones's - Book of the Stranger.
This December's video game movie Assassin's Creed Movie may be just the first in a trilogy.
"In some ways it feels like we're making an independent film." - John Boyega
Read Michael Fassbender's explanation of the present day/past percentage split for the Assassin's Creed Movie.
Capcom has outlined a plan to work on games longer to ensure they are ready for launch.
Brace for a new shooter from the team behind Bulletstorm and Gears of War: Judgement.
Which director would you like to see attached to Godzilla 2?
What's in the Doom $120 collector's edition?
Gamers with an Xbox Live Gold subscription can now pick up Costume Quest 2 and Peggle.
Microsoft shuts down the game that brought back Conker.
Uncharted 4 patch note highlights: campaign crash fixes, multiplayer tweaks, and more.
The Angry Birds movie opens with $43 million.
PSA: It's your last chance to get these free Xbox One/Xbox 360 Games with Gold titles.
Ocean's 11 female-led reboot: Jennifer Lawrence in discussions.
Black Panther movie adds Creed star, possibly as the villain.
Gears of War designer Cliff Bleszinski praises new Doom, but has one criticism.
One of gaming's biggest companies has announced a new console.
Nintendo making movies? Things are getting serious at the company.
The perfect treasure for any Uncharted fan.
These are the games that sold best on the PlayStation Store across all platforms in April 2016.
The establishment of the WESA is a step towards detoxifying the market and helping legitimise the sport.
"We work in the dark to serve the light. We are Assassins."
The current superstars of the WWE Universe all had to come from somewhere.
Looks like Doom is hitting the race track.
Steph Curry is a bigger star than LeBron James, too, director of the 1996 film says.
They're not dolls, they're ACTION FIGURES!!
Assassin's Creed, Far Cry publisher to announce "lots of dates" at E3 next month.
Sega says it's not as simple as porting to PS4, Xbox One, and PC.
A playable demo will be released on the Nintendo eShop before Generations is out.
Will it actually run faster than two GTX 980s in SLI, as the company claims?
Wonder if they'll have any green slime?
Uncharted 4 is simply gorgeous!
Time to stop bugging your tech savvy friends and finally learn to do this for yourself.
Blizzard outlines the measures it will take against offending players.
Guillemot said Ubisoft is optimistic about this becoming commonplace...but not for a while.
Here's all the filters you can enable in Uncharted 4: A Thief's End.
Australian chainsaw artist carves up an amazingly detailed Doom Revenant.
The game would have moved the series into the "technological, industrial age, with tram cars and flying machines."
Wait... did Patrick Stewart just ask for some of James McAvoy's hair?
Be wary; there are potential spoilers ahead.
Sony confirmed with us that PS4 was the best-selling console during April in the US.
Guillemot said Watch Dogs 2 will have "innovative" gameplay.
Getting a 10/10 is sort of a rare occurrence here at GameSpot.
Raise your hand if you've already preordered Battlefield 1!
Uncharted Points run from $5 to $50.
Dishonored 2 will arrive in November.
Which Street Fighter 5 character are you most excited to play?
Which games look good to you?
If you're expecting a new Need for Speed this year then you will have to wait.
How do you think the original Star Wars Movies would've looked like with Boba Fett as the main villain?
Which Dark Souls 3 bosses did you struggle with?
Read the details of the "Rated R" Fable 4 pitch that was rejected.
Lazy weekends are the best.
Here are the 150-plus games currently available in the Xbox One backwards compatibility program.
Tom Clancy's The Division currently has 9.5 million registered users.
Playing on this Star Wars Movies themed Xbox One would be awesome!
Are you excited for the Assassin's Creed movie?
Blood and Wine will feature over 90 quests across more than 30 hours of gameplay.
Perfect World Entertainment's Star Trek Online is coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One this fall!
The X-Men Movies franchise continues to raise the stakes in this latest installment.
Which Drake has better moves?
Did someone say Playboy ?
How do you guys feel about the EA SPORTS Madden NFL 17 changes?
This is the "end of Disney as video game publisher."
Were you expecting to see Nick Fury in Captain America Civil War?
Dark Souls 3 comes out on top while Tom Clancy's The Division  slips to fourth place.
Expect Titanfall 2 between October 2016 through to the end of December 2016
Sony's rumored "Neo" console is rumored to support both @[PlayStation] 4 and newer games.
Sid Meier's Civilization 6 is coming this October! Are you excited?
Say goodbye to Agent Carter and the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. spinoff Marvel's Most Wanted.
Would you give a Fantastic Four movie sequel a chance?
Sega's Persona 5 and Total War: Warhammer are highlighted as key upcoming titles.
Dat Boi is running away the competition.
Deus Ex: Human Revolution Director's Cut is the first multi-disc Xbox 360 game in the program.
Amir Hekmati is now "trying to put his life back together as best he can."
Could Cleganebowl involve a secret third contender? Beware: Game of Thrones spoilers!
Review in Progress: After 6 hours in the campaign, we don't want to stop playing DOOM!
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 and Rogue One: A Star Wars Story were among the movies it would have drawn from.
Rob Gronkowski will grace the cover of Madden 17.
How else would you start your weekend?
Sonic Boom TV show heads to Hulu.
"We've always taken cheating in Blizzard games very seriously, and that stance is no different for Overwatch."
Warcraft  opens in theaters on June 10!
It's Friday the 13th so here are 13 Deadpool Movie facts to celebrate the blu-ray release.
Cut to the chase with our three top picks for Cardboard VR games.
Strangely, neither PlayStation, Xbox or Nintendo are claiming to be the top-selling system during the month.
Next GTA 5 Online event starts today!
Jurassic World writer to bring monster action to Pacific Rim 2.
Here are all the details we know about Battlefield 1.
"I was screaming at them in conference calls."
The skull and helmet we see in the Kojima Productions logo is only a small part of what is yet to be fully revealed.
Overwatch cheaters will receive permanent bans.
It has been 14 years since this game made you cry.
The WESA's aim is to behave in a manner similar to the IAAF in athletics.
It's Blizzard's biggest beta ever and beat out betas for games like The Division.
Australians.
Lynn and the Spirits of Inao looks so GOOD!
Madden fans, what do you think of the changes?
Is there such a thing as too much coffee?
New Ninja Turtles trailer features Casey Jones beating up baddies up with a hockey stick, using his powers of hockey for good.
The Gears of War 4 beta hits 1.6M players; game expected to be Microsoft's "biggest" of 2016.
Fun Fact: The game originally launched on PC in 2010.
Sony has announced plans to host an event dedicated to Gran Turismo Sport ahead of E3.
Dark Souls 3 was expected; did you buy any of these games?
Take a closer look at characters like Lothar, Garona, Durotan, and Orgrim.
CD Projekt Red have put together a video in which they discuss what players can expect to see.
The Oscar-winner could appear in the 2018 superhero movie.
Outer Rim specific weapons and Star Cards won't be accessible.
The limited-edition 3DS is adorned with a new take on the Guild symbol.
Assassin's Creed, Far Cry publisher to announce "lots of dates" at E3 next month.
Consoles as we know them may be on the way out--but probably not soon, Yves Guillemot says.
The numbers are in!
Activision , Nintendo , and Warner Bros. Entertainment  sign up to support Kids' Game Awards.
Rise of the Tomb Raider  and Just Cause 3 are among Square Enix's best performing games.
Monster Hunter Generations release date, limited edition 3DS revealed.
CAPCOM CEO opens up about Street Fighter V's underperformance.
You can get a PlayStation 4 and all four Uncharted games for $350!
Quick-time events are hard, OK!
Rob Gronkowski -Gronk graces the cover of EA SPORTS Madden NFL 17!
We challenge you to slappers only.
Star Trek Online coming to PS4 and Xbox One.
DOOM-branded car will race at Indy 500.
Tom Clancy's The Division Season Pass gives "special benefits" you say?
Now Playing! DOOM Single Player Campaign
Unannounced Star Wars RTS footage shows Millennium Falcon, X-Wings, and Luke Skywalker.
Witcher 3 continues to pick up momentum which is great news for CD PROJEKT RED.
Get a look at Fassbender as Callum Lynch and Aguillar in the first Assassin's Creed Movie trailer.
Battlefield 1 according to Grand Theft Auto V.
Check out Nvidia's new GTX 1080 in all its sharp-edge glory.
"We wanted to hit the late Victorian proper far out Jules Verne sh*t."
XCOM 2's second expansion, Alien Hunters, is available now!
Get ready for a rather large fight!
Somehow managed to finish Uncharted 4 already? Watch our spoilercast special!
Sega has said that it's looking into remastering Shenmue 1 and 2, but there are a few catches.
We visited the set of the Assassin's Creed Movie to catch up with Fassbender and co.
What did you think of the first trailer for the Assassin's Creed movie? You can watch it here!
The detail in these figures is amazing.
Who else is excited for this expansion?
What would you like to see from a fourth Witcher game?
You mean there are people who haven't heard of World of Warcraft?!
Which Marvel movies comprise your top 10?
Dark Souls III, Ratchet & Clank, and Rocket League top the best-selling games list for PlayStation 4.
We talked with DICE's Lars Gustavsson and Danny Berlin about Battlefield 1's origins and potential.
Read this before updating your Nintendo Miitomo app.
No word yet on the new Nintendo 3DS colors coming to the west.
"Some of the biggest names in video game publishing" apparently stepped up to make offers.
We're looking ahead to the next episode of Game of Thrones with some predictions. Beware: spoilers!
Well played Arby's.
DOOM gameplay running on NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080. Download the full-resolution, uncompressed version of the video from GeForce.com: http://l.gamespot.com/24PJ7Mk
Battlefield 1 trailer remade in Grand Theft Auto V.
Digital bonuses also included in Star Ocean 5 Collector's Edition.
Next Phoenix Wright game comes to 3DS in September.
Expect this EA action game to come between April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020.
You can still buy the Battlefield 1 box at a retailer, but you will only find the download code inside.
This Metal Gear theme is pretty... solid.
Sid Meier's Civilization 6 announced!
Jess took on the challenge of living as Nathan Drake for the day!
Stephen Curry is so good, NBA 2K 16 will max out his rating for a limited time.
Rainbow Six Siege's Dust Line map is available to all players for free.
Ubisoft's The Division, Far Cry Primal, and Rainbow Six Siege are just a few of the games on this week's sales.
Seek Souls.
We've got some questions for you fine folks.
Predator reboot to begin production by October, Director confirms.
DOOM is set to up the ante on Mars, but what would life actually be like on the red planet?
Disney discontinues Infinity and shutters developer.
"It felt like one too many possible opinions."
What do you think EA might be working on?
Sid Meier's Civilization 6 will arrive this October!
The next NBA Live game will be released much later than usual.
Get ready for EA Star Wars Battlefront 2!
EA explains why releasing Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1 in 2016 isn't a bad idea.
You can now start signing up for the Fallout 4 Xbox One mods beta.
This is what EA thinks about the PS4/Xbox One upgrades.
"We hope you had as much fun playing the game as we had making it."
Also, some kind of Playboy-related announcement is coming June 1.
Fallout 4's Far Harbor DLC will include 10 new trophies.
Which mutant are you most excited to see in the upcoming X-Men Movies?
Our Uncharted 4 gallery shows each filter here and how to unlock them in the game.
There are 56 Uncharted 4 trophies and one of them requires you to beat the game in 6 hours.
Microsoft promises "hundreds" more to be added to this list of 150 Xbox One backwards compatible games.
These images taken with Uncharted 4's Photo Mode look stunning.
Under 1% of players have completed all achievements in Dark Souls 3.
Could Bran be the key to the secrets of Westeros? Beware: Game of Thrones spoilers!
EA Access members on Xbox One can now download a new free game.
Watch the Seven Swordsmans and Sound Ninjas Team Ultimate Ninjutsus.
You have to wait for your Need for Speed fix to come in 2017.
The fight is on!
Mass Effect release date delayed!
Gold subscribers on Xbox can access these deals through May 16.
My eyes... MY EYES!!
The Witcher 3 Blood and Wine DLC release date and details.
Uncharted Points looks like it can leave a serious dent in your pocket.
The Witcher 3 expansion contains 30+ hours of new gameplay.
"Everyone on the team was going to give it their all because we love these characters."
Pokémon Sun & Moon release date, starters, and legendaries revealed!
"It's a very unpleasant world that Geralt has to live in, and these things happen."
Marvel Is committed to doing a Black Widow solo movie.
"Violent" Wolverine 3 begins production, producer confirms R-Rating.
Looks like we're gonna have to wait longer for Mass Effect Andromeda.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt's Blood and Wine expansion will launch on May 31!
Meet your new Poke-pals.
Okay, Hideo Kojima. You have our attention.
Get ready for the last Witcher 3 expansion.
Building your first PC? We've got you covered.
We scored Uncharted 4 a 10 out of 10 in our review, and here's why.
Battlefield 1 currently has the most liked trailer ever on YouTube, while Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is the most disliked trailer on YouTube.
Fallout 4 Xbox One mods being released after next week's DLC.
Someone beat Dark Souls 3 without leveling up, rolling, or blocking.
GTA 5's online mode will be getting "massive, feature-rich" updates this year.
Very stylistic take on the Star Wars Movies: Empire Strikes Back intro.
Ever wonder what Captain America Civil War would look like as a retro game?
Five Nights at Freddy's may soon be coming to a console near you.
Star Citizen has past $113 and is now the most successful crowdfunding project of any kind.
Get up to four Minecraft  Skin Packs on Xbox One & Xbox 360 for free!
Nathan Drake actor opens up about his "job of a lifetime."
Looks like Old Man Logan isn't scared to get his hands bloodied for Wolverine 3.
There are 13 Achievements/Trophies available with The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt's Blood and Wine DLC.
Which athlete do you think will grace the cover of EA SPORTS  Madden17?
Uncharted 4 a "Technical Powerhouse", Super Mario coming to Minecraft and more!
We might've contributed hundreds of repeat views for the Battlefield 1 trailer video. How about you?
NATHAN SMASH!!
What happens at the Tower of Joy? What do Bran's visions mean? These questions need answers!
Nathan Drake from Uncharted 4: A Thief's End comes to Twitter!
Time to fight off the Zerg!
Share your favorite Uncharted sets with us via comment.
Which #Overwatch Legendary skins are you planning to pick up?
Get your console ready for about 1.2 gigs of Uncharted 4 day-one patches.
Uncharted 4 launch brings a Nathan Drake emoji to Twitter.
How much Overwatch Beta gaming are you planning to do with the extra 24 hours?
Streaming the first hour of Uncharted 4. Obviously, there will be story spoilers!
Refresh your Uncharted: Drake's Fortune memory to prepare you for Uncharted 4: A Thief's End!
Fallout 4 Far Harbor DLC trophies leak.
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is "not like the last three."
Minecraft and Super Mario come together at last.
"This is a must-play experience that delivers the rare mix of pitch perfect gameplay and high-end visuals."
Free Mario items are coming to Minecraft Wii U next week.
Drake's story has almost come to an end. Get caught up with our recap of Uncharted 3.
Naughty Dog, Inc. has said it is open to the idea of making a new Crash.
Digital re-releases and DLC are doing well for CAPCOM.
Gearbox Software's first major IP since Borderlands borrows that series' shooting but confuses the proceedings with an overwhelming array of ideas.
You probably shouldn't watch this while eating.
The Power Rangers are back and... look a bit like Halo's Spartans?
Catch up on the story of the first Uncharted game to prepare you for Uncharted 4!
Battlefield 1 campaign details teased; developer says diversity is a key component.
These are the preorder bonuses for Battlefield 1 PS4/Xbox One digital editions.
The new Warcraft movie trailer shows off the wizard Khadgar.
Battle 1 developer is hopeful that the game can avoid repeating BF4's rocky launch.
A new $600 Nvidia GTX card has been announced, and it's faster than the Titan X.
Halo 5 Memories of Reach Free DLC: All the Reqs and more revealed; get the details here.
See Doom running on Nvidia's GTX 1080, where it reaches 200FPS.
The Overwatch open beta has been extended until May 10.
The Witcher 3's Blood and Wine expansion date has been leaked.
"It isn't always easy to tell what the current experience is like."
"This is the chance of a lifetime," director says.
So much stuff!!
To all those special moms out there! #HappyMothersDay
Activision Blizzard has a record quarter.
It's not often that we give a game a 10/10.
Shooter's first update arrives just a day after launch
The GTX 1080 offers an "irresponsible amount of performance," CEO Jen-Hsun Huang jokes.
The Infinite Warfare trailer has more than 370,000 dislikes, roughly double the number of likes.
It's Alden!
Beware: Here there be Civil War spoilers.
It's Morphing Time!
How amazing will this new version of Spider-Man be?
An "Agents of Mayhem" trademark filed by Volition's parent company.
"Looks superb with interesting mechanics teased."
Chadwick Boseman will also star as Black Panther in a 2018 solo film.
"Cross-play with other networks? That's not the Microsoft of ten years ago. No way."
How many times will you watch Deadpool once it's out on Blu-ray?
Become a Battlefield Insider to play before everyone else.
There's some new players entering the arena in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Multiple item packs and early access included among the goodies.
All men must subscribe.
You'll need to buy the full game to see Price again.
Can Barry still be The Flash?
Plan the perfect crime.
DOOM comes.
Check out the latest mode for GTA Online.
Catch up with Black Panther before you head to the cinema.
Destiny fixes are here and melee changes are coming.
Call of Duty returns with Infinite Warfare.
Join the GameSpot of Thrones crew as they react to That Thing That Happened. You know the one.
Set sail for new Fallout 4 DLC!
Put your PC to the test.
Follow the evolution of Call of Duty from World War 2 to Infinite Warfare.
"In its writing, in its design, in its understanding of what makes games unique, Uncharted 4 is something to aspire to."
Price and co are coming back.
Bad luck, Boba.
Catch up on Nathan's story before Uncharted 4, starting with our recap of Drake's Fortune!
Here are the essential games for your collection.
We talk to the director of Perception about branching into horror on this week's Dead Air.
Who will you play as?
"We calculated that, if we built Gears of War 4, the budget would have been well over $100 million, and if it was a huge success, we could break even. Anything less could put us out of business."
Well, this doesn't seem to provide much hopes for self-driving cars.
Get ready for more Dishonored later this year.
Operation Dust Line is coming to Rainbow 6 Siege.
Thinking about preordering? Here's what you get.
Khadgar performs a couple different spells in the latest Warcraft character video.
The Battlefield 1 collector's edition comes with a 14-inch tall statue, exclusive DLC, and more.
The rise of streaming may signal the end to consoles as we know them, according to Peter Moore.
Don't expect to be watching the show for free on YouTube for much longer.
May your save points always be conveniently placed!
Here's who's playing Han Solo in The Star Wars spinoff movie.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered detailed, new Star Wars game in development, and more!
Battlefield is again bucking naming conventions.
The remakes of our favourite childhood shows and movies just keep on coming.
An unboxing fit for a thief's end.
Eclipse features four new maps and a new Zombies chapter.
The Battlefield that started it all!
NBA Live 16 joins the roster from May 25.
Battlefield 1 Revealed!
How amazing will this new version of Spider-Man be?
Take your first look at Battlefield 1.
There won't be any characters, maps, or modes added between now and May 24.
Overwatch's beta includes everything from the full game launch!
More information about Pokemon Sun and Moon will be revealed on May 10.
Watch X-Men: Apocalypse clip featuring Angel vs. Nightcrawler fighting!
See the future of Battlefield get unveiled, live at 1 PM PST/9 PM GMT.
Black Ops 3's DLC is making its way over to Xbox One and PC soon.
Learn about the checkered past of the Zemo family before you head out to see Captain America: Civil War.
Whoops.
It's nice to be nice.
Updates are coming to Nintendo's Miitomo app.
Because free is good!
Watch the new X-Men: Apocalypse clip featuring Angel vs. Nightcrawler.
YouTube reveals the top 10 trending games for last month; includes Dark Souls 3, Quantum Break, and more.
The Witcher 3's Bloody Baron and The Battle of Kaer Morhen proved to be the most difficult quests to write and design.
Zynga's posted a $27 million loss this past quarter but is hopeful for the next three months.
Two Star Wars titles make the Xbox One backwards compatible games list!
Meet Garona, the badass half-orc assassin!
A new Uncharted game is out now--on mobile.
All the important launch details.
Doom returns next week; watch the launch trailer now.
Samurai Shodown II, Runner 2, Phantasy Star II, and more.
Just what is the Battle of Bastards that Game of Thrones fans are hyped for? Beware: spoilers!
Naughty Dog's final Uncharted game has a very cool, in-depth Easter egg.
Dark Knight strikes again!
The best game in the series and a new watermark for storytelling.
Build a settlement wherever your heart desires with our Fallout 4 mod of the week!
We don't get hyped, we stay hyped!
This 1/6 scale figure of StarCraft II's Tychus is amazing.
What was The Witcher 3's hardest quest to design?
That's up from 270 million in March.
Strong Museum's second wave of inductees include some of the most influential games ever.
With rumors all around, GameStop's CEO comes out to say new consoles may be on the way.
"With sincere and deep gratitude to Amy Hennig for her contributions to the Uncharted  franchise."
These are your 2016 Video Game Hall of Fame inductees.
Unlock Uncharted 4 multiplayer items with this new mobile game.
Star Wars Han Solo movie director reveals first image.
"They're a very innovative group of people, so we never count out Nintendo."
George Lucas's original plans for Star Wars were much different than what we got, fan relations director says.
The Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 And 2 is "misleading" and will be retitled.
Turtle Rock Studios' new game is said to have "unique and stunning characters."
On the upside,  we're getting a "world's first in-depth" presentation for the new Legend of Zelda game.
There's no western release date confirmed yet, but Persona 5 will be launching in Japan in September.
Jump in now and play as much Overwatch as you want until May 9.
See what the critics have to say about Uncharted 4 with our review roundup.
There's no specifics on Tom Clancy's The Division's 1.2 update, but keep an eye out for loot changes.
Get ready to face a new foe in XCOM 2's second DLC pack.
New Warcraft film trailer features Garona, the half-orc assassin.
Evolve dev working on "cutting-edge" unannounced new IP.
Would Megan Fox be your first choice for a female Indiana Jones?
In its writing, in its design, in its understanding of what makes games unique, Uncharted 4 is something to aspire to.
The May 2016 Playstation Plus free games line up is up!
Based on your trivia result, are you a Padawan or a Jedi Master?
More "War" is brewing in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Which side do you choose? Red (Horde) or blue (Alliance)?
That's one way to avoid screen watching during multiplayer.
New Star Wars game is coming from Titanfall studio.
We may have to say our goodbyes to Agent Carter in the near future.
Which Star Wars game is your favorite?
Titanfall dev making Star Wars Games, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remaster maps and more!
We can't wait to hear more about this game.
Self-driving cars terrorize the streets of Los Santos in this fan made video.
Fallout 4 Far Harbor DLC release date announced!
Riding a Speeder Bike to work would definitely make the morning commute faster.
Bog & Overgrown are officially coming back for Call of Duty Modern Warfare Remastered.
Did someone say giant orbital lasers?
Darth Maul gets more screen time in this fan made film.
Don't lie. You know you want to pour syrup on Finn, Leia, and Lando.
Iconic Universal Studios Entertainment Monsters to have new movie every year until 2019.
Megan Fox can be your guide and mentor in Stormfall: Rise of Balur.
Vincent D'Onofrio, Rosario Dawson, and Pedro Pascal have joined the cast of Dishonored 2.
These were the Star Wars cosplays you were looking for.
We've got you in our sights, Overwatch Collector's Edition.
We have a sneaking suspicion that you'll enjoy Invisible, Inc.
We've got that May the 4th feeling!
Check out these awesome Nintendo sneakers featuring Mario, Link, and more.
You'll still be able to play co-op in Zombies mode.
Snap up some free Battlefield DLC!
Make it so, Canada.
The PS2's King of Fighters 2000 is now available on PS4.
Star Wars features in this week's PS4, PS3, and Vita deals.
Looks like Bahamut from the Final Fantasy series made the list!
The Star Wars Steam sale discounts more than 20 games--here's the full list.
The Dead Island Definitive Collection promises "more roadkill than Oklahoma."
We're planning a road trip to Toronto, who's coming with?
If you had problems finishing the "With Finesse and Speed" quest, the new Destiny update takes care of it.
Jet Set Radio made the cut! It's still one of the best video game soundtracks around.
We're keeping our fingers crossed for new Xbox console news.
A leaked screenshot of Watch Dogs 2 has fans speculating about the main character.
We're not ashamed to admit the hours we've spent playing LEGO Batman & Bomberman.
It's been 20 years since The War of 1996 was fought on earth.
Dishonored 2 release date announced, Dawn of War 3 coming, and more!
Who is Agent 13 and does she compare to her comic book counterpart?
Is R+L=J going to become canon?
You don't need the Konami code to enjoy this tune.
Log into Star Wars Battlefront tomorrow on Star Wars Day for a free bundle of 4,444 credits!
What does Microsoft have planned for E3 2016?
Someone teach me the jutsu to earn money so I can buy these Naruto statues.
Be the martian Scrooge McDuck with Offworld Trading Company.
Game Fest will introduce you to the favorite games that you never knew existed.
When you go beast mode but it's on easy.
What looks good to you?
Grand Theft Auto V Online has a new mode!
Space Jam 2 brings on Fast & Furious director, LeBron James to play lead role!?
"Giant orbital lasers? Check."
Ubisoft's The Division is having more problems.
Call of Duty  Infinite Warfare is not coming to last-gen systems, Infinity Ward suggests.
Dishonored 2 is just a few months away!
Combat tested, Doomguy approved!
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare dev says story inspiration comes from war, not sci-fi.
Baby geese! Squee!
The next Xbox One free EA Access game has been revealed.
Overwatch backstory expanded further in new video; Winston sure is a goofball!
Tracer gets nerfed in Wednesday's Heroes of the Storm game update.
Staring into Lothar's eyes was like the first time I heard the Beatles.
Time to hop on the PS4 train if you want you want early access to the Call of Duty Infinite Warfare DLC.
Coincidentally, this could also be called the  "25 RPGs That Made Me Cry" list.
Get your body ready for Gearbox Software's latest game.
It's LeBron's turn to get his basketball skills stolen in Space Jam 2.
Say hello to your new favorite Wii U controller.
Who's next?
Activision officially announces Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare!
Are you ready to play Call of Duty: Modern Warfare again?
You'd have to be a heartless to not enjoy this Kingdom Hearts tune.
Just in time for Star Wars Day!
Dead Star, Zombi, and more are on their way out.
Call of Duty 4 Remaster confirmed!
Many other men have taken on the role in the 76 years the character has been around.
Which version of Overwatch do you think plays better?
New details emerge about Nintendo's upcoming system.
Here's a list of what's been confirmed for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare so far.
Call of Duty Infinite Warfare revealed!
It's almost time for Overwatch!
Total War: Warhammer DLC has been made free after backlash.
Infinity Ward's Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare has been officially announced.
Ubisoft responds to cheating and exploit concerns in The Division, outlines new penalties.
Star Wars Day bonuses revealed for Battlefront, The Old Republic.
When one door closes, another opens.
Vivendi buys more Ubisoft shares, but says it has "no plans" for a takeover.
Because who doesn't like free things?
Check out our gallery for a look at all 134 of the new Hearthstone Old Gods cards!
Watch the new Call of Duty teaser to prep for the official announcement today.
New Call of Duty aiming to offer biggest change since Modern Warfare, dev says.
How did the Ratchet & Clank movie do this weekend? The results are in.
Team behind unauthorized WoW server to meet with Blizzard.
Which team are you on?
This is a much heavier version of the "Battle Theme" from the 2001 PS2 game.
"As an indie developer, it's not really that big a deal."
New images show off the iconic ship and also a set for the Ahch-To location.
Retailers are now throwing in a $50 gift card when you buy a new Xbox One.
One batch, Two batch, Penny and Dime.
"My fingers are crossed."
It's technically still alive, just not coming soon.
Here's a recap of the week's big stories and some you may have missed.
Wait... Are those his.... Ewwwww!
How well do you really know Nathan Drake and his pals?
We're not -kidding- around here folks.
The Pokemon re-releases were among Nintendo's best-performing digital games for the last quarter.
Which weapon is your favorite?
We map out the events leading up to the strife between the Avengers.
Here's all the PS4 games we know about that are coming out this year.
How does the once S.H.I.E.L.D. agent turned Hydra member differ from his comic book counterpart?
Here are the 150-plus games currently available in the backwards compatibility program.
Blizzard's Chris Metzen talks candidly about the end of Titan and the origins of Overwatch.
Join us as we unbox this legendary Arwing pilot!
See what you've got to play with courtesy of the latest Hearthstone expansion.
Police launch criminal investigation into game copies stolen while in transit.
See how the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. are getting on with our recap.
Thor isn't so impressed with the "kids" fight.
Welcome back!
"The life of Fallout 4 in your hands is going to take us all places none of us anticipated."







Presale for the Gucci Mane & Friends concert is up now. Click the link and use the code below to get tickets.  http://smarturl.it/GuccisHomePresale



Gucci Mane & Friends. Fox Theater. 7/22. Tickets on sale this Friday.  http://ev10.evenue.net/cgi-bin/ncommerce3/SEGetEventList?groupCode=GUC&linkID=fta&shopperContext=&caller=&appCode=

ATL I'm back and I'm bringing my friends with me. Tickets go on sale this Friday. More info coming soon.












HAHA


BYE






DYK the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron created a new brand of beer in honor of then Minister of Magic, Ulick Gamp, for his support in keeping its location hidden in London? Learn why J.K. Rowling chose this special spot for witches and wizards to let off steam on Pottermore. #FactFriday



We're live with some of your favorite social media creators and they are answering your questions now! #FantasticBeasts #vidcon2016
The live Q&A with #FantasticBeasts' amazing social creators is about to start HERE. Stay tuned! #vidcon2016
Our live Q&A starts tonight at 6pm PT/9pm ET. Share your excitement for #FantasticBeasts and ask your questions now to hear from some of your favorite social creators. #vidcon2016
How did Rupert Grint feel about having to throw up slugs?   "There were all these different flavors of slime! There was chocolate, peppermint, lemon, orange...and they tasted really nice!"


The Harry Potter DVD and Blu-Ray covers are getting a brand new makeover! Head over to Pottermore to see the full set: http://bit.ly/HarryPotterDVD

"Awww, it's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with." - Ron Hold on to your Chocolate Frogs!

"Well, you may not like him, Minister, but you can't deny, Dumbledore has got style." You wish you had his swag! #TBT #SeeTheMagic #JourneyToThe8thStory
"Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, when one only remembers to turn on the light." – Dumbledore
"Ah, Bertie Bott's Every-Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit-flavored one and since then, I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee. Hmm, alas! Earwax." - Professor Dumbledore
Prop assistants were not allowed to tell retailers why they were purchasing large numbers of items while filming Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. One assistant, while shopping for brooms, claimed she had a lot of sweeping to do as a cover. Read more about the building of Diagon Alley on Pottermore. #FactFriday
Congratulations to John Williams for receiving the AFI Life Achievement Award. Thank you for shaping one of the most memorable soundtracks of our childhood.

Guess who's coming to LEGO Dimensions?

"Will you stop eating? Your best friend is missing!" - Hermione



Which item from the #SkivingSnackbox would you use to get out of class? Puking Pastilles, Nosebleed Nougats, Fainting Fancies, or Fever Fudge?
Happy birthday to our favorite foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach,  #DracoMalfoy!
ICYMI, take a peek into what the actors have to say about Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, on Pottermore.
Wizards and witches, #HouseOfMinaLima is officially open! Visit now through February 2017.




"I brought you here 16 years ago when you were no bigger than a Bowtruckle. Seems only right that I should be the one to take you away now." - Hagrid
"They can transport you practically anywhere. Tricky contraptions, though, very temperamental." Can you name the different ways in and out of Hogwarts?
#PrivetDrive at Warner Bros. Studio Tour London is now open!
"As representatives of the host school, I expect each and every one of you to put your best foot forward. And I mean this literally because the Yule Ball is first, and foremost, a dance." Which Harry Potter character would you take to the Yule Ball?  #ThrowbackThursday #SeeTheMagic #journeytothe8thstory
Happy Birthday to the woman who brings out the crazy in us, Helena Bonham Carter.
"I've never used the visitors' entrance before. Should be fun." - Arthur Weasley
"Trains! Underground! Ingenious, these Muggles." - Arthur Weasley

DYK Floo powder costs only two Sickles a scoop!? The price has not changed for the last one hundred years. Now that's a bargain! #FactFriday
"It wasn't my dad I saw earlier. It was me! I saw myself conjuring the Patronus before. I knew I could do it this time, because...well, I'd already done it. Does that make sense?"  Time travel can be tricky! #TBT #SeeTheMagic #journeytothe8thstory
Can't manage to get your hands on a flying car? There's always Floo powder. Remember to speak clearly!

Muggles who insult Dumbledore do so at their own risk.
See MinaLima's #HouseOfMinaLima, starting June 3rd in London. The immersive four-story gallery/shop will host the return of the popular 'Graphic Art of the Harry Potter Films' exhibition, plus much more!
Would you rather travel by car or broom?
DYK 16 different Ford Anglias were used during the filming of the Harry Potter series? That's a lot of flying cars! #FactFriday
"Mysterious thing, time. Powerful, and when meddled with, dangerous." #ThreeTurns to #TBT #SeeTheMagic

In case you missed it, Fiona Shaw was back at #PrivetDrive! Head to Warner Bros. Studio Tour London to see more.


Anyone get 'Portkey-sick'?
DYK there are secret records at the Ministry of Magic detailing a mass operation involving 167 Memory Charms and the largest ever mass Concealment Charm performed in Britain? Can you guess what the purpose of this was? Click here for the answer! #FactFriday
"Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it." - Prof. Dumbledore  #HogwartsIsHome #TBT #SeeTheMagic #JourneyToThe8thStory

Welcome to #PrivetDrive! Visit Warner Bros. Studio Tour London to see the entire set in person.
Happy National Teacher Appreciation Day to all the hardworking educators. Tell us how your teacher has inspired you, and make sure to #ThankATeacher!
From Weasley mayhem to Ministry magic, seven new collectible Harry Potter stationery products are now available at www.minalima.com.
"It is the quality of one's convictions that determines success, not the number of followers." - Lupin  #18YearsBattleOfHogwarts
Just another perfectly regular family! Nothing out of the ordinary, thank you very much!
We solemnly swear that we are up to no good.
Did you know Grawp stood 16 feet tall in the film Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix? Find out more on how these giants were translated to the screen: http://bit.ly/GiantsPM
"Why spiders? Why couldn't it be 'Follow the butterflies'?" - Ron What is your favorite Ron Weasley moment? #TBT #SeeTheMagic #JourneyToThe8thStory
"Now! Who'd like ter come an' say hello?" - Hagrid

What is the one thing you do not want to do when in the presence of a #Hippogriff?

Being different isn't always bad. Take a walk in Luna's shoes and celebrate who you are!

"The happiest man would look into the mirror and see only himself. Exactly as he is… It shows nothing more or less than the deepest and most desperate desires of our hearts." What would you see if you gazed upon the Mirror of Erised? #TBT #Feels #SeeTheMagic #JourneyToThe8thStory
Filmmakers built a life-sized Hungarian Horntail that was forty feet long with a seventy-foot wingspan. It was also capable of belching real fire at a distance of thirty feet! #BehindTheScenes #FilmWizardry
Gringotts is the safest place in the world to hold all your magical treasures. #UkrainianIronBellyDragon
Can't apparate to Romania for a lesson on dragons from Charlie Weasley? Pottermore is here to help. http://bit.ly/DragonsProfile

Filmmakers created the centaur models using a technique where the pelts were "flocked," a laborious process by applying glue, sending an electrical charge through it, and then firing oppositely charged hairs at the model. It took the costume and prop departments eight months and a crew of more than forty people to get the job done. #HarryPotter #BehindTheScenes #CreatureVaultBook
Happy Birthday to two extremely talented and inspirational women, Emma Watson and Emma Thompson.
Check-in every #TBT as we revisit all your favorite Harry Potter moments! #SeeTheMagic #JourneyToThe8thStory
Watch these Harry Potter fans get the ultimate surprise!
Brooms, Floo Powder, Portkeys—there are so many ways to get around the Wizarding World! What would be your favorite method of wizard travel?


Cornish pixies can be devilishly tricky little blighters!
#WizardingWorldHollywood is finally open at Universal Studios Hollywood! What are you most excited to see?
Take a look at the red carpet premiere of the #WizardingWorldHollywood at Universal Studios Hollywood!
#JamesPhelps and #OliverPhelps are live at #WizardingWorldHollywood in Universal Studios Hollywood! #24Live
Missed our live stream with Evanna Lynch and Warwick Davis Don't fret! James Phelps and Oliver Phelps can fill you in on what's happening in the #WizardingWorld at Universal Studios Hollywood. Tag your questions with #AskHPCast and tune in at 2:20pmPT to hear their answers.
Warwick Davis and Evanna Lynch are live at #WizardingWorldHollywood Universal Studios Hollywood! #24Live
Evanna Lynch and Warwick Davis are here to tell you all about the  #WizardingWorldHollywood at Universal Studios Hollywood. Tag your questions with #AskHPCast and tune in at 12pmPT to hear their answers.
This Sunday catch an exclusive sneak peek of Fantastic Beasts Movie at the MTV Movie Awards!
Ready for the debut of #WizardingWorldHollywood at Universal Studios Hollywood? The premiere is less than one hour away. You won't want to miss it! Watch here: http://bit.ly/USHLive

"What do they think they're doing keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?"   But he's so cute when he's asleep, isn't he? #Fluffy
Did you know that the Basilisk's name comes from the Greek word basilískos or 'little king'? Remember, don't look it in the eye!  #FactFriday http://bit.ly/BasiliskPM
No fooling: it's Fred and George's birthday today! We'd set off fireworks if we had any.
Congratulations to Warner Bros. Studio Tour London on 4 magical years!
Prepare yourselves! Scholastic brings us a beautiful new illustrated edition of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, this October.
Wise words from a wise witch. It's no wonder Luna Lovegood is a Ravenclaw.
This #FactFriday, learn J.K. Rowling's inspiration for Nicolas Flamel. http://bit.ly/NicolasFlamel
"Well, if you're sure, better be… GRYFFINDOR!" #TBT
"My dear, from the first moment you stepped foot in my class, I sensed that you did not possess the proper spirit for the noble art of Divination." - Professor Trelawney
Happy Birthday to Gary Oldman! We can't get enough of you, Siriusly.
Do you know who made the sword of Gryffindor? #FactFriday  http://bit.ly/SwordofGryffindor
Slaying 'duck face' since before it was cool: Tonks. #Metamorphmagus
No need to fight a Hungarian Horntail to get a golden egg. Visit Harry Potter Wish List to learn how to make your very own! #DIY #HPWLEgg http://bit.ly/DIYGoldenEgg
That was bloody brilliant! #TransfigurationTuesday

Mother, Order member, Death Eater destroyer. And she knits. Molly Weasley is a boss.
Unicorn hair, dragon heartstring, or phoenix feather? Tell us what core your wand has and find out more about it on Pottermore. #FactFriday http://bit.ly/WandCore

Happy Birthday to the wise Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Remus Lupin. Thank you for teaching us how to conquer our fears and follow our convictions.



On #IWD2016 we honor the woman who continues to amaze us: J.K. Rowling.  http://bit.ly/MagicInNorthAmericaP1 #MagicInNorthAmerica


Deranged, murderous, maniacal... this is one Death Eater you don't want to mess with.
Did you know that 'Ollivander' may mean 'He who owns the olive wand'? Find out more about Mr. Ollivander on Pottermore. #FactFriday  http://bit.ly/MrOllivander
We heard that it's "What if Dogs and Cats Had Opposable Thumbs Day." What would Crookshanks do if he had thumbs? We know one rat who wouldn't want to find out.
Quidditch player, Daily Prophet writer, sister, daughter, wife, mother, #DumbledoresArmy warrior. Is there anything Ginny Weasley can't do?  http://bit.ly/GinnyWeasley
Bloody hell, it's Ron Weasley's birthday! Celebrate by telling us your favorite Ron moment!  #HappyBirthdayRon
"These girls…they're gonna kill me!" - Ron
"This leaves Hermione, who is secretly in love with Ron, watching jealously from the sidelines, so she goes out with Cormac McLaggen, even though she can't stand him, to make Ron jealous. Welcome to the normal life of a teenager." - David Barron, Producer.
Here's a Friday treat for all #HarryPotter fans! Meet the cast and creative team of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Happy birthday to James Phelps and Oliver Phelps, our favorite mischievous twins.

This is major.
What do you think of that?
"Do people think it's not hard enough as it is?"
Older voters favored "leave" much more heavily than their younger counterparts.
On average, police officers are getting arrested around 1,000 times per year.
The unemployment rate could be anywhere from 19 to 42 percent, according to Donald Trump.
Sure, yeah, OK.
Of course Donald J. Trump is happy about the Brexit results.
Our nation's culture of mass incarceration has warped our view on punishing crime, they argue.
Once again, Trump is looking out for Trump.
Mychal Denzel Smith sits down with Alyona Minkovski to discuss his new book "Invisible Man, Got The Whole World Watching."
OUCH!
Way to go, Hawaii.
Oof.
Democrats are claiming victory after staging a sit-in on the floor of the House of Representatives.
"I believe our national parks should reflect the full story of our country, the richness and diversity an uniquely American spirit that has always defined us." -- President Obama
Bernie Sanders said he'll likely vote for Hillary Clinton, but he hasn't dropped out of the race yet.
"So what we need to do is create a situation where there is some more international cooperation." -- Bernie Sanders
The Supreme Court of the United States left President Obama's deportation relief plan in limbo with a 4-4 vote.
President Obama had urged Britons to remain in the union.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union. HuffPost's Caroline Modarressy-Tehrani and HuffPost UK Politics reporter Graeme Demianyk discuss what happens next. #Brexit
Or it should, anyway.
Apparently people didn't know what they were voting for.
"The British people have made the very clear decision to take a different path and as such I think the country requires fresh leadership to take it in this direction." -- David Cameron
Making history, Britain has voted to leave the European Union in an unprecedented referendum.
Dozens of Twitter users branded Donald J. Trump a "moron," a "weapons-grade plum" and an "idiot" for the tweet.
Donald J. Trump is riding the same tide of anti-globalism that propelled the likes of Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage in the U.K.
Polls had indicated the vote would be very close, but most last-minute surveys showed "remain" leading.
David Cameron resigns as the markets plummet.
"The issue right here is I'm going to do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump," Bernie Sanders said.
The bill excludes $50 million in requested funds for maternal and child health and blocks supplemental funds from going to Planned Parenthood for birth control services.
The court's decision "just adds fuel to the fire that's already raging," said Brad Bannon, a Democratic strategist. "Each of these events raises the intensity and the Latino turnout even more."
This is the first time in three presidential election cycles that the presumptive nominees from the two major parties haven't shown up to the gathering.
It is a common conservative myth that the nation's largest and most popular social insurance system resembles this archetypal fraud.
Apparently, "The Apprentice" didn't sell them on Donald J. Trump's management skills.
For incarcerated women in the U.S., the experience of a monthly period can be stressful and demeaning.
Donald J. Trump has likely lost millions of dollars on his golf projects.
Welp.
President Obama has a lot of sleep to catch up on.
Donald J. Trump might have overstated his personal wealth...
A judge rejected the city's plan to establish an "event zone" to limit protesters.
While Paul Ryan can dismiss the effort as a stunt, there's clearly political traction here.
"I am elated to hear that I'll be able to attend my senior year of high school with my full rights restored."
Bold move.
"He seems to be using his campaign to promote his personal business. Is it illegal? I can't say it is. We seem to be in some murky water here. This type of activity is somewhat unprecedented."
"We'll have more diversity in one delegation than the Republicans have in their entire convention."
A little bit of good news for the residents of Flint.
People are seriously afraid of the party they oppose.
Donors were worried Donald J. Trump would use their money to pay himself back.
Not a good look.
From Billy Joel to Nick Jonas, Stevie Nicks and Lady Gaga, these musicians want gun control legislation.
Wow.
"It doesn't negate what has always been the case, which is if we are going to solve this problem effectively, we got to have Congress pass a law." -- President Obama
He was recently convicted of orchestrating multiple frauds aimed at enriching himself and preserving his political career.
"You have to do what's best for the country."
A judge cleared Baltimore Police Officer Caesar Goodson Jr., the officer who drove the van that transported Freddie Gray, of all charges in Gray's death.
The same, but very different.
The emotional 24-hour Democratic sit-in has come to an end.
"It's heartbreaking for the millions of immigrants who've made their lives here, who've raised families here." -- President Obama

Wonder what else Democrats have up their sleeves.
One of the greatest mysteries of our time could have been solved by pure chance.
Alan Turing was born 104 years ago yesterday.  He committed suicide at the age of 42. Imagine what he could have achieved if not for the hatred and ignorance that persecuted him.
This crow probably thought he was screwed ...

This will be the first time that the gene editing technique CRISPR has been used in a human clinical trial.
If there's life elsewhere in the solar system, this is one of the likeliest places.
It's seriously overdue for an eruption, and experts have warned people to stay away. 20-30 passenger planes fly over it every day.
Is it actually possible that we live in an alien simulation?
I'm pretty sure I saw a horror movie that started like this.
There's so much more than we thought to this tiny, frozen world.
Poor thing, but I can't stop laughing.
Love sharks? Then take this free online college course on shark biology: http://bit.ly/28Q46Ij
Should a self-driving car be programmed to kill its passengers if it will save others?
New streetlights are sweeping the country - and they have grave health risks.
More bad news ...

Something very mysterious has been detected in the Carribean sea.
Uh oh ....
It's a small study, but ten patients have had their lives completely transformed. Some were even able to return to work.
A study has found this basic game can have extraordinary results.
We did the math, and it checks out. It wouldn't be a very thick wall, but it would go all the way round the Earth.
This is very, very bad news.
Does this engine really break the laws of physics?
Eat all you want, then drain your stomach afterwards.
Why Venus lost its oceans but kept its atmosphere.
China is beating the US in the supercomputing race.
Globally, we waste 100 million tons of this plastic every YEAR.
What a time to be alive.
Yes. A space tsunami. Who needs science fiction?
What could it have been?
If you love sharks as much as we do, here's a free online college course on shark biology: bit.ly/28LI49K
Sharks in the Caribbean are advised to be vigilant when swimming near human-infested shorelines, after yet another deadly human attack.
Is this blue, or green?
o.O
4,500 years old, and we're not even close to knowing everything about it.

Giraffe fights are insanely brutal. Happy world giraffe day!
Happy world giraffe day!
Look up tonight!
Kinda creepy.
Does this actually do anything?
Well this is ... gruesome.
-_-
Cut your bills with science.

Would anything survive?
By Sarah's Scribbles
If you agree with us and thinks sharks are AWESOME, take this free online college course on shark biology: http://bit.ly/1PlPpaf
If you agree with us and thinks sharks are AWESOME, take this free online college course on shark biology: http://bit.ly/1PlPpaf
That's eight months in a row, if you're counting.
It's bad news.
Seriously.

Here's what the inside of a dog's stomach looks like. In related news, dogs really can eat ANYTHING.
Watch the footage here:
There's a scientific way to win.
Dog owners should keep an eye out for these sypmtoms.
Bummer :(
The event occurred about 1.4 BILLION light-years from Earth.
Starts in a few minutes, tune in here:
Here's what a criminologist thinks you need to know about mass shootings.
This is what Koko the gorilla got for her birthday last year.
Can you solve it?
We haven't even come close to understanding everything about our own genetic code.
It's quite dramatic when you see it side by side.
Yuck!
Watch the departure live here, starting in 15 minutes:
They've actually written the information into the bacteria's genetic code.
Scientists have deciphered the text on the device using X-ray scanning and newly developed imaging technology.
That is one big kitty.
25,000 have already been installed across Bangladesh.
Answering the important questions.
Apparently they have a volunteer lined up.
Something extraordinary has been discovered in the depths of the jungle.
Would you grow your child in an artificial womb?
If you CAN tickle yourself, then this article might have bad news for you.
Today is World Meat Free Day.
Cat and dolphin are BFFs <3

By The Awkward Yeti.
We're losing touch with the stars.
Their names are actually Bonnie and Clyde. Seriously.
It's raining, it's pouring ...
It sounds like something from a movie. Can it be true?
What's the most spoken language in the world?
Improve your wifi signal with science.
Would it be planet of the apes? Or would another species take over?
Have you ever experienced depression? Dr Hawking has a message for you.
Here's what each one does to your brain.
How many vestigial features do you have on your body?
Does your laptop crash a lot?
Could we find life here?
If you love sharks as much as we do, you can take a free online college course on their biology here: bit.ly/1PlPpaf

This is trippy.

Can women squirt, or is it just pee?
An aggressive new treatment has completely halted multiple sclerosis.
Thanks to a drought, it has reemerged from the water.
It's thousands of years old, and absolutely enormous.
This seems like a bad idea.
BOOP
Another mountain is technically taller.

The damage can't be picked up by most brain imaging techniques.
We've never actually seen a black hole. Until now.
This tiger just tried to stalk and attack a woman at a zoo in Russia.
Parliament will no longer award government contracts to any company that cuts down and destroys forests.
Mathematics has spoken.
How does an insect get through your skin?
Around 750,000 people have a stroke every year in the USA.
Time to update the poster on the wall!
What's a healthy amount?
Metric vs Imperial systems.

The military is conducting mysterious tests this month.
Who were these mysterious and tiny people?
And he's not even made of tin.
Information is not lost forever.
Bad idea.
He looks filled with regret.
Japanese schoolchildren have managed to hatch a chick outside of its egg.
As if growing up to 2 meters and being able to produce an electric shock equivalent to that of a Taser isn't impressive enough!
Alcohol has some very strange effects.
Do you think we live inside a computer simulation?
It can potentially even affect the DNA of future offspring.
This is very bad news.
Listen to the music of the stars.
Please read this and share with your friends. It's incredibly important.
These incredibly rare animals have only been spotted in the wild a few times.
The speed of light in a vacuum is one of the constants of physics. Until now.
`Bikini Island was the site of 23 nuclear weapons tests. What's going on now?
There's some good links in here to stuff that could induce one.
Would the Brexit be good for science, or bad?
Well, this is terrifying.
Who would you save?
The science of paedophilia.
You're not alone.
This is very peculiar.
Can this actually happen?
Seriously, tourists need to cut this out.
If a test has ever suggested you have psychopathic traits, don't be too concerned.
Do you eat bananas? Corn? Do have a pet dog?
It will be so bright, it could even be visible during the day!
Exactly how much trouble are we in?
He makes a compelling case.
Whoa.

Something mysterious is pulling our galaxy towards it.
Oooh!
Why don't girls code?
Apparently this is a thing now. Here's what it does to you:
King Tut had a space dagger.
This is heartbreaking.
Ummm. What?
Spectacular footage of yesterday's successful rocket launch and landing by SpaceX from an onboard camera. Amazing!
Atoms, stars, the solar system, cyber security, creativity - just a few of the amazing things you can learn about in your spare time.
They're more than a hundred thousand years old - far too old to have been built by modern humans
Starts in a few minutes:
Not entirely sure how comfortable I'd be with this bus driving over me ...
This is bizarrely mesmerizing.
Cannot even imagine how I would respond. Terrifying!

Is this policy based on science?
Poor lions :( Note: people suggesting that the keepers should have let the man be eaten will be banned. Mental illness is not a joke.
India recently launched a "mini space shuttle" for just $14 million. Many people commented, expressing their unhappiness at India investing in space travel while so many of their people live in poverty. The space industry is worth more than a hundred billion dollars worldwide. Most of this is dominated by just a few countries. If India can break into this industry at a lower cost, it could provide a massive stimulus to their economy.  And let's take a look at a few of the things that were more expensive than their latest launch, shall we?
Go India!
AMAZING footage. Gets a little NSFW at points.
How to not get cancer.
Yesterday was world turtle and tortoise day!
The people of ancient China enjoyed a beer, it seems.
What's the best way to break the news?
Levitate objects with your hands.
Stay out of the swamps ...
What's going on with Antarctic sea ice?
Happy world turtle day!  This adorable little guy seems to love getting his belly scrubbed - but why? Known as the plastron, the "belly" of a turtle, like the rest of their shells is made up of scutes - bony bony external plates. Scratching or rubbing helps them shed old scutes. They also have nerve ending that reach up to just under the carapace - so it's not just good for them, it feels good too!
The air contains half of the amount of oxygen than usual and is high in carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide. It's pitch black and hasn't seen sunlight for at least 5.5 million years. Here's what lives there.
It's also packed full of other tech. Check it out:
Yep.

Fantastic idea!
How do the creatures of today stack up to extinct animals? Here are some colossal extinct creatures compared to their closest living relatives.
Go Portugal!
Can a lack of love be deadly?
Such a great idea!
It's a lot worse than we thought.
This ridiculously creepy creature was filmed thousands of metres under the ocean, at an oil drilling site.  But what was it? Find out here bit.ly/1qwi8ma
They could have been as much as four HUNDRED feet high.
These tiny fossils could mean something dramatic.
Nemo is in big trouble :(
It's safe for you, but this could kill your dog.
There's absolutely no evidence that genetically modified foods are dangerous.
It's a small trial, but this could be very exciting.
This could make traveling to a foreign country a LOT easier.

This object weighed an astonishing THIRTY times more than the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs.
Don't miss Mars this month
Amazing!
Are diamonds forever?
The majestic Jesus lizard. Because it walks on water, geddit?  More info bit.ly/24Zofz0

The science of having children.
Go Germany!
:(
Science asks "can we". But should we?

More temperature records broken.
*headdesk*
Participants were told not to talk to the media, or even tweet.
It could completely engulf Hawaii.
I'm all for legalization, but if you drive while under the influence then you are the worst kind of person.
Absolutely incredible.
It's pandamonium!  These adorable young pandas cause havoc for the keepers at a breeding sanctuary in Sichuan, China.
*Groan*  Via AsapSCIENCE.
This is completely disgusting.
Why so wonky, Hawaii?
I don't think I would ever stop screaming.
o.O
Space earrings, from bit.ly/224UtqI
These 16,000 year old symbols were not made by humans at all.
What will happen when it does?
No comment.
A biologist has observed females engaging in "genital closeness" and "genital rubbing," with pelvic thrusts.
Time to rewrite the textbooks again.
But hey, it was still better than my school science project.
Where did the crew go?
Who's the apex predator now huh? Huh?
A sleepy clouded leopard kitten, at Tampa's Lowry Park Zoo.
This spectacular bird is a lilac-breasted roller (Coracias caudatus), captured in Serengeti National Park, Tanzania.  Image by Alessandro Tramonti bit.ly/23JWkjR
What would happen to you if you ate the same amount as The Mountain from GOT?
Zika causes neurological cell death in mice.


One of the most powerful visualizations of climate change I have ever seen. This graph plots the global average temperature for every year since 1850. The farther a month is from the center, the hotter the month was compared with the average temperature for that month from 1850 to 1900.   By Ed Hawkins, University of Reading. bit.ly/1rFYfu4

This pushes back the date for the development of this technology by 10,000 years.
These are just breathtaking.
:(
This common technique could be putting your child at risk.
Go NASA!
There's still so much we don't understand about our planet.
This could change everything.
That's one hell of a school project!
AMAZING news.
Tune in here:
Mercury passed across the face of the sun yesterday. This video was captured by NASA.
Wait.

Another iconic animal lost to hunters.

It will take years to catalogue all the finds.
Do you even lift, bro? You should.
It begins.
He was interrogated for two hours.
There have been some concerning signs.
Why pandas are endangered.
Don't miss this, you'll have to wait a long time for the next one. The event will last 7 hours, so tune in at any point.
This is FiFi the bear, before and after she was rescued from a lifetime of abuse. Fifi spent more than ten years at a roadside zoo, forced to perform tricks. After the zoo closed, she was kept in a tiny cage for another twenty years. Today, this is what she looks like.

This is the most accurate measurement of a black hole ever performed.
The aim is to increase the overall forest cover from 21% of the country's surface to 33%
Science at work - The LifeStraw.  The LifeStraw removes at least of 99.99999% of waterborne bacteria and 99.9% of waterborne protozoan parasites. It can filter up to 1000L of water.   Throughout the world, an estimated 884 million people still do not have access to clean sources of water. This device contains no chemicals or batteries and makes it possible to drink safely from any river, lake or puddle.  Buy them here: bit.ly/1YbTja9  For every unit sold, two children in the developing world will be supplied with clean drinking water for a year.
Today is the 90th birthday of the extraordinary Sir David Attenborough. Happy Birthday!   I thoroughly recommend you watch this with the sound turned up.

What could it be?

This lake disappears down a hole every spring.
Should you help, or leave it alone?
And it doesn't involve tequila.

Physics ruins everything.  Cartoon by Lonnie Easterling at Spud Comics.
There are of course, many exceptions. But this is still a handy guide.
These fires are enormous.
These areas are set to become completely uninhabitable.
A huge data breach occurred this week, and hundreds of millions of passwords were stolen. Here's how to tell if you were a part of it.
DEMOCRACY IS DEAD. The actual name is pretty cool though.
SpaceX NAILED their second landing on a barge.
NASA just named a building after this AWESOME woman. Katherine Johnson was one of the first African-American women to work at NASA. Her work was vital to the American space missions. It was Johnson's work on backup procedures that allowed the Apollo 13 crew to be safely returned to Earth after their mission was aborted.  "While the racial and gender barriers were always there, Katherine says she ignored them. Katherine was assertive, asking to be included in editorial meetings (where no women had gone before.) She simply told people she had done the work and that she belonged." - The Visionary Project.
This bird doesn't actually change color. It's called "structural coloration". The feathers contain microscopic structures that interfere with visible light, giving them this strange ability to appear different color in different lights.
How much land would it take to power the entire USA with solar energy?  Video by SolarCity.
Slime can learn.
It's the closest most of us will ever get to seeing it in person.
Ever wondered what an opera singer looks like on the inside? Yeah, me neither. But it's pretty cool.
Only cancer and heart disease kill more people every year.
It's hidden, and rarely discussed. But it needs to be talked about.
Just five of the many reasons you really don't need to give a damn about climate change.
The earth is literally sinking.
Hundreds of millions of passwords have been stolen in an enormous data breach.
It might be time to start worrying.
How can a number be illegal?
After thousands of years, we finally know what's inside a pyramid.
This is mental.  Image by Piled Higher and Deeper.
If there were just 100 people on Earth, this is who they would be.
Don't miss this!
What will they find?
A recent trial has seen extraordinary results from this common vitamin.
Feeling down? Visit the ocean.
We are almost certainly not alone in the universe.
Real talk for a second: someone I love very much has recently been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and I find myself growing even angrier with the charlatans who promise miracle cures and insult the incredible doctors and scientists who are working so hard to help the people afflicted with this terrible disease. They prey on desperate and sick people to line their own pockets.  "There is no alternative medicine. There is only medicine that works and medicine that doesn't work." Richard Dawkins   Image via the Food Hunk.

Seriously, don't do this.
:D
What. The. Hell.
The meteor shower peaks TOMORROW - but meteors will be visible for another few weeks.  Halley's Comet won't be back until 2061, but you can see pieces of it in the sky tonight.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you.
The amazing David Attenborough, via AsapSCIENCE.
These smart contact lenses could record everything you see.
The winds are travelling at 70,000km per SECOND.
This means that only one-THOUSANDTH of 1 percent of species have actually been identified.
They just love you that much.
This is a huge leap forward for tissue regeneration.
Are our choices our own?

It's legal, common and insanely easy to get hold of. Do you know what it is?
I'm pretty sure this is how the zombie apocalypse begins.

Could Stephen Hawking finally win a Nobel Prize?
Seriously, check this out right now. It's incredible.
Kenya just burned more than $172 MILLION worth of ivory to send a message to the illegal wildlife trade.  Photo by Mwanhi Kirubi
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week - tell a teacher how awesome they are!  Cartoon by Jim Benton
A mason bee pulling a nail out of a wall. Video by Chris Downer Downes.
By Twisteddoodles.
By The Awkward Yeti.
How deep is the ocean really?

Kennewick man was Native American, and he will be buried according the customs of local tribes.
Why does everyone hate this word?

Beautiful and bizarre.
Why cats are such weirdos.
Can you figure this out?
What's hidden underneath the ice?

And they're just 40 light-years away.
Experts have called it a "ticking time bomb".
A new paper has estimated the likelihood that Earth is the only planet with life. The conclusion? Pretty damn unlikely.
Sign up here and don't forget the code IFLSCIENCE for a free 90 day trial: bit.ly/1SEbkOv
If all fossil fuel energy were turned off, this is what the Earth would look like.
Aww they're so sweet ... wait ... what's that they're eating?
Do make any of these mistakes?
I IMMEDIATELY REGRET MY DECISION
What happens if you switch a helicopter engine off when you're still in the air?
What produced these lines?

Sign up here: bit.ly/1SNxHzK
This mysterious sea creature has been baffling social media users across the world.
SpaceX is going to Mars!
Noooooo
Being vaccinated could have saved this child. Being taken to a qualified medical doctor rather than a quack could have saved this child. Alternative medicine kills.
Incredible.


They're actually glowing.
Meet the newest member of our solar family.
Happy world tapir day! NSFW. Obviously.
Unfortunately, it's not all good news.

There are drawbacks.
Here's what spanking does to your child.


If true, this is a world first.


Why is this happening?
It took two decades worth of work, but this 1,000 year old song has been pieced back together.
Your brain on music.
o.O
Unexpected doesn't even begin to cover this.
Excuse me. I'm going to go rinse my mouth out. With bleach.
A 2,400 Monday message.
Happy world penguin day!
Happy world penguin day!
Do you think it's right?
Yes, it's possible.
Every single group of dinosaurs died out suddenly, 65 million years ago. All except the birds.
What's the first thing you see?
Oops?
Why Freddie Mercury was so awesome.
Seriously. What's going on?
This is incredible
Are drones dangerous to airplanes?
So apparently, this is a thing.

Spit, don't swallow ...
Happy 26th birthday, Hubble!

How to make your brain hallucinate.
It's only temporary, but it does work.
How much would it cost to be Darth Vader?

What on Earth ...
How your limbs are connected to a shark's gills.
NASA has released astonishing new images taken by the Dawn spacecraft.

The GBR is on the brink of extinction. More than half of the reef died this summer.
A new theory suggests a cataclysmic disaster brought this ancient civilization to its knees.
Cannabis molecule necklace, just in time for 4/20  Available from bit.ly/1cS22gw
It's been thirty years since the disaster.
Here's how to see it:
Could these two events have been connected?
If it wasn't an asteroid, what happened?
This beautiful footage shows the Aurora Borealis from the International Space Station.
Your brainwaves could be as unique as your fingerprint.


Something very odd seems to have gone on.
This iconic monument was recently destroyed by ISIS.

This cannot be allowed to happen.
How your sex life can be influenced by your genes.
Have you heard of her?

-_-
Alpha Centauri is our closest neighbour. If we are to start exploring other systems, this will be the start.
This is the most important article we have ever published. Please read.
What does the world really look like?
Why is zero a big deal?



Nature is terrifying.
Are we finally about to say goodbye to this disease for good?

Scientists managed to capture this incredible sight on camera.


Another month, another temperature record.

Uhh ... you got a spare one of these, Canada?
UN member states will meet tomorrow to discuss global drug policy. On the eve of this meeting, we examine the science behind the "war on drugs".
This "controversy" is an invention of the media and science deniers. Among experts, there is a consensus. We're to blame.
The real question is what's the SECOND best suggestion - Usain Boat? I like big boats and I cannot lie? Or of course, "It's bloody cold here".
Apple or Android?
o.O
Are you likable?
Almost nothing you eat is "natural".
It's thought that over 200,000 died in just a few days.

The science of freckles.

Y'all should probably still stop cutting baby's dicks for cosmetic reasons though.
o.O
Why you need to uninstall QuickTime.
Should we be hiding?
It's ridiculously common, and very easy to come by.





An engine constructed from a single atom.

Surprise surprise.

A turbine that fits on a desk.
Who wants one?
The link between zika and microcephaly is now conclusive.
I love the idea that someone at NASA is getting paid to write these comments.
The science of a broken heart.
The two heads don't get along very well.
Your brain on LSD
Sharks are apex predators, and this needless slaughter will devastate the oceans for decades to come.

You could have your own satellite for just $1,000

The first-ever inflatable habitat will be attached to the ISS this weekend.
SpaceX landed a rocket on a barge. Why is that a big deal?

Out of the current presidential candidates, who supports science and technology?
Don't miss it!
Put your money where your mouth is.
The patient is now able to grasp objects and even play video games. I fucking LOVE science.
Clearly evidence of time travel.
This could be interesting!
This is pretty terrifying.
Why have these black holes aligned?
Just like Finding Nemo ...

$114 million was pumped into climate change denial over the last year.
Who are these people?
This map represents all life on Earth.
What. The. Hell.
A normal spacecraft would take 30,000 years to get to Alpha Centauri.
It will be an enormous 25 miles across, and could make interstellar travel a reality.
Tune in here:
What's actually happening in the brain during an LSD trip?
The North Pole is heading towards London.
Is this extreme paranoia, or do people have a point?

The phrases that scientists want you to stop using.
:(
Kepler is ALIVE

Could this be a solution to the problem of plastic water bottles?
We know that many of us are descended directly from Neanderthals. So where are their Y chromosomes?

The horrifying truth behind those "adorable" tickling slow loris videos. Please watch and share.  www.ticklingistorture.org
Why pandas are endangered.
It will be fitted with a camera, and be able to take photographs with a blink of an eye.
Yesterday SpaceX successfully landed a reusable rocket on a platform in the ocean. This is a historic moment for space travel - congratulations to everyone involved!

What the fuck PETA.

This illusion makes me deeply uncomfortable.

Enough with the chemphobia.
Too adorable for words.
She believed the snake had been defanged, so carried on with the performance.
You can watch these bald eagles raise their offspring live, 24/7 with explore.org here: bit.ly/1PYr3lC

How to handle a psychopath.
These students have some pretty bizarre medical beliefs.
-_-
Science has got you covered.
Running out of memory? Don't want to pay for more? No problem.
Scientists were able to keep a transplanted pigs heart beating within a baboon's chest for almost three years.
For every single shirt sold in our store throughout April, we will donate the money to plant TEN trees. 1 shirt = 10 trees.  Heavy metals shirt from bit.ly/1zZXl9G
That is one hell of an alligator.


Go Scotland!

Psychologists at the University of Cambridge have linked certain styles of music to different personality traits.

Meet Wotsit and Frazzle, two adorable baby penguins recently hatched at Chester Zoo.

These are all genuine photographs of planet Earth.

I guess the meme had to come from somewhere ...
:(
Sooo ... it's a good thing?
New research reveals how testosterone affects our brains.
You probably shouldn't swallow any of these.

Grab one here: bit.ly/1YbTja9


There are currently more tigers alive in backyards in the USA than living wild in their natural habitat.


Time to rewrite the textbooks again.

Who will sit on the iron throne?
A comparison of a T. rex and an emu foot.  Birds aren't just related to dinosaurs. Birds ARE dinosaurs.
*Groan*
20 cognitive biases that screw up your decisions.
The deep sea is a very strange place.

Venus orbits the Sun 13 times for every 8 Earth orbits. If you track the relative positions of Earth and Venus, this is the resulting pattern.
Don't try this at home ...

5 food items that nutritionists have changed their minds on.
Octopuses are masters of disguise right? Right?
I thought it was funny.
April is testicular cancer awareness month. Check your balls!


I almost can't look at some of these.
That's one way to get revenge ...

Do grammar mistakes make you're eye twitch?
Warning: not for the faint of heart.
When we finally start exploring other worlds, I suggest we avoid this place.

Whatever was the cause of these?
WTF.
Can you solve it?
So it's not just me ...
Science: making your life easier.




This ancient spider relative is older than the dinosaurs.

Free university courses from institutions like Harvard, MIT and Berkeley.
o.O
We might finally start to see some accountability ...
Oil industries? Corrupt? It's almost unbelievable ...
Can you?
Here's what you're actually looking at when you face the ocean.
o.O

This could change everything.
This is so weird ...


It's not too late - but we need to act fast.
Surprise surprise -_-
What could it possibly be?

Well that's completely horrifying.
Another climate record broken :(
Check out the video:
Do you have Neanderthal DNA?

They were banned for being "too tough".
The connections in a living brain.
This is very, very bad news.


:(
Basically, we're fucked.
Don't fuck with Antarctic birds.

600 new cases are being reported every week.
Including parts of a car engine :/
100% bullshit
The strangest funeral practise I've ever heard of.
Here's why:
These are the fastest ultraviolet winds ever recorded.
Could this be where stories of unicorns came from?
Here's how to see it:
How many did you believe?
These pencils can grow into flowering plants, herbs and vegetables.
That is one seriously crazy looking fish.
Here's how we could theoretically build a working time machine.

If we ever colonize other worlds, here's how we could do it.
What will you print?
The realities of addiction and treatment.
:o
Does cannabis cause mental illness?


Back away from the microwave.
It's the latest health trend - but should you do it?
That is a ridiculously happy looking shark.

Saturn's rings are surprisingly young.
The controversial EM drive is set to be reviewed.

The majority of them were pregnant females.
In a new experiment on the International Space Station, bacteria were grown in microgravity.
The differences between religious and non-religious brains.

This is why we can't have nice things.
They have called for the decriminalization of all illegal drugs.

Make galaxy eggs this Easter!

What would that mean for the planet?
Exactly how much $$ would it take to be batman in real life?
Maybe it's all the violent video games they play.

Having a cowlick could be a very good thing.
This is the smallest genome of any known freely living organism.
Ceres' mysterious bright spots, up close.
Too adorable for words.
But ... why the toe?!
Look up!
Nooooooooo.



Look up tonight!
The male then forgets about mating, and focuses on caring for the offspring.
Are you at risk?
This is amazing.
Did they get yours right?
There are thought to be less than a hundred left in the wild.
We're a lot less human than we thought.
What's causing these deaths?

For ... science?
Astronomers were able to observe the shockwave from an exploding star for the very first time this week. The star illustrated in this animation is 500 hundred times bigger and 20,000 brighter than our sun.
Manta rays may actually recognise themselves in a mirror.
Here's how to watch:
Earth hasn't experienced anything like this for tens of millions of years.
:o
This could be huge for the thousands of people on the waiting list for a transplant.
How many of these traits do you have?
The patient received a bone marrow transplant from his sister, who already had a kiwi allergy.
Here's how to see them:
What is consciousness, and why do we have it?
Coral bleaching has arrived at the GBR.


Never ask the internet for help.
The process of childbirth.
Pretty much.  By Gone into Rapture.
The latest results at CERN indicate physics beyond our understanding.
Scientists plan on drilling into the crater of the asteroid that destroyed the dinosaurs.
That's one big ice shelf.

o.O

How mysterious ...






The world's happiest countries have been revealed.
o.O
We finally know what this bizarre creature is.
Shocking news ...
What did fruit and vegetables look like before humans got their hands on them?
FANTASTIC news!


It has begun.
Did Donald Trump have a point?

That was unexpected.
Researchers have managed to sequence a section of the oldest human DNA.
We could be about to witness something enormous.
Calm down everyone.
Seriously, why?
A snapshot of the future of our solar system
I'm no expert, but I feel like this is missing the point.
This interactive body map tells you what parts of you are at risk, and from what.
Can we please just do away with this?

A chicken with dinosaur legs.
It's no longer a thought experiment. Our lack of action on climate change is going to have very real consequences.
This plugs an enormous gap in the fossil record.
Happy International Pi Day.
o.O
10 myths we really need to stop believing.
You probably shouldn't do it yourself, either.
The clitoris doesn't get the attention it deserves.
This is the third month in a row that we've broken temperature records by a huge margin.
It's 13 feet long. What on Earth could it be?
Seeing as today is Pi Day, I thought I would remind you of just how emotionally devastating math can be.
Incredible video of a newborn baby brown king snake taking its first breath outside the shell.  The brown king snake is a venomous snake native to Australia. Video by The Australian Reptile Park.
Just half an hour until the launch! Don't miss it:

Tomorrow is INTERNATIONAL PI DAY!  Pi Day shirt from http://bit.ly/18M7ezK
Poor girl.
It swims, and eats fish!

This is too cute for words.
What happened in Helsinki this week?
*facepalm*
It draws water condensation from the air, and fills itself.
So beautiful!
Poor koala :(
What. The. Hell.

It's the stuff of nightmares.
Even hundreds of miles away, produce is affected.
It's a true bromance.
This was seriously NOT what I was expecting.
Why is teenage behavior so bizarre? Learn about the science of teenage brains in this awesome documentary from CuriosityStream.  Enjoy more than 1300 other documentaries and 90 days of free access with promo code "IFLSCIENCE".   Sign up here: http://bit.ly/1U2hWHX
That's the most metal thing I ever heard.
This is completely adorable.

This is huge.
I can't stop watching this.
This week's eclipse as seen from space.  Taken by the Japanese Himawari-8 weather satellite.
This week's solar eclipse, by Slooh.
No private company has ever accomplished this.
Feels like we break a new record every other day, doesn't it?
This incredible series of images documents the most polluted city in the USA.
Five years on, what has the impact been?
It's been reported that they attempted to treat his illness at home with maple syrup and other natural remedies.
Poor Tilikum :(
Well, this is completely horrifying.
What's the most addictive substance on Earth? A few of these might surprise you.

Can an AI system defeat the world champion? Stream starts in 10 minutes:


The stream starts in five minutes!
More awesome women.
#WomenYouShouldHaveHeardOf
These women ROCK.
#WomenYouShouldHaveHeardOf
Today is International Women's Day and to celebrate, we will be posting a series of images commemorating extraordinary women in the field of science that we believe you should have heard of.  #WomenYouShouldHaveHeardOf
Watch the live stream here: bit.ly/1QAYUER
Today is International Women's Day and to celebrate, we will be posting a series of images commemorating extraordinary women in the field of science that we believe you should have heard of.  #WomenYouShouldHaveHeardOf
Today is International Women's Day and to celebrate, we will be posting a series of images commemorating extraordinary women in the field of science that we believe you should have heard of.  #WomenYouShouldHaveHeardOf  Image courtesy Jewish Chronicle Archives/Heritage-Images.
Today is International Women's Day, and we're going to spend it commemorating all of the amazing women in science that you should have heard of, but may not have.  #womenyoushouldhaveheardof




Adolescents are far more likely to become addicted to drugs. Why?
Can you read this?

This looks AMAZING.
A French company is harnessing the power of bioluminescent bacteria to light up public areas.
The driest and hottest place in the USA is blooming.
For the first time, a vaccine has been trialed in humans that might offer protection against malaria.

Excellent news!
This little guy is almost 100 million years old.
This is really odd.
Latest results at CERN indicate physics beyond our knowledge.
:(
Sales of clownfish actually went UP after the first movie.

Can these really be clouds on Pluto?
The scientists involved say they have found "cancer's Achilles heel"
Imagine living with that on your doorstep ...
There's more to semen than just sperm.
Thanks to the expansion of the universe, this galaxy is now 32 BILLION light-years from Earth. We're seeing it as it was just 400 million years after the Big Bang.
Go Oregon!
He was born without the ability to see color - so he turned to technology.
This is seriously scary.
Nightmare fuel.
They really are man's best friend!
If a similar shift happened on Earth, Paris would be in the Polar Circle.
Spending time in space can have dramatic effects on the human body.
WOW.

Why do alcoholics find it so hard to stay away from booze?

Brutal.
Neanderthals may have been the world's first chemists.
This is the first time we've ever discovered multiple signals coming from the same time and place.
Could this be a way for us to explore the galaxy?
This tiny fungus is 440 MILLION years old.
Warning: this article contains graphic images of a dead body.
At 12:49 p.m. GMT today, a magnitude 7.8 to 7.9 earthquake struck off the western coast of Indonesia.
NASA astronaut Scott Kelly landed safely back on Earth early this morning, after spending a record 340 days on the International Space Station.
15 MINUTES TO GO. Watch live as astronauts leave the ISS:
Don't miss this!
Cheap, resilient, and with a range of up to 5 miles, these devices are allowing Syrians to communicate outside of areas controlled by the Assad regime or ISIS.
This is really quite creepy.

Soldiers in the U.S. Army may soon be taking to the battlefield with laser weapons.
This happened in the middle of the night - all that light is from the fireball.
Oops.
Is anyone out there? And if there is, are they looking for us?
If it wasn't us, who was it?

The patient was blind for five years, and has now regained sight.
It will be the brightest object visible in our skies, aside from the sun and moon.


:(

It had at least eight bone fractures and sites of damage through infection.

This is something really special.
Scientists witnessed the birth of a new island.
This is an incredibly rare event.

Here we go again ... what colors do you see?
How to spot a narcissist.

The nutrition, and the ethics.
Go Leo!
Manatees are bouncing back.

Excellent news!


You're not going to get any eggs that way ...
When is the end of the universe due?

Today is International Polar Bear Day.
Pregnancy does very strange things to your brain.

At its peak the well was leaking an astonishing 60 tonnes of methane per HOUR.
Kinda creepy ...
Why does time move forward at all? Why doesn't it move backwards?



This is seriously adorable.
Do you have the critical thinking skills to work for Tesla or SpaceX?
Physicist Brian Greene gave The Late Show with Stephen Colbert a crash course in gravitational waves.
Sign up here completely FREE: bit.ly/1V4cFhX

A new method "tricks" drug-resistant cancer and smuggles drugs inside the cells.
I actually feel a little sorry for him ...
Drink up!
Ever wondered why your dog tilts its head at you?
.... ew.
Go Denmark!
-_-
This is amazing.
How will you die?


:(

One of the largest studies of our galaxy has just been completed.
Does talc cause cancer?
Where did they even get a gorilla suit from ...
Go vaccines!




Opinion: this year's E3 felt fractured. Where does the show go next to regain its footing? http://go.ign.com/rXWlfiY
Star Trek: Bryan Fuller reveals new details on upcoming series http://go.ign.com/TiSvh1D
Overwatch HQ is now on iTunes! Watch out for episode 2 coming tomorrow! https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/overwatch-hq/id1121448239?mt=2
2016 is a great year to be a PC gamer! These are the best titles to come out on PC so far: http://go.ign.com/3HI59nR
Today on the #DailyFix: The voice of Darth Vader returns once again to the iconic role in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story!
IGN Access finds out which games Xavier Woods had on his E3 2016 gaming wish list. Here's what he said.
ICYMI: You'll want to turn audio on for this one...
ICYMI: Here's every super so far from Injustice 2.
We got to check out gameplay of Tekken 7! Enjoy with commentary.
Game of Thrones cast members share their thoughts on whether the story can wrap up in any sort of upbeat manner at this point.
Game director Jeff Kaplan has outlined some of the changes coming to Overwatch's Competitive Play thanks to the feedback from the Public Test Region.
Sometimes you gotta read the news, some times you can't get through saying South Park: The Fractured But Whole without losing it.
Check out the trailer for Ouija: Origin of Evil, the follow-up to 2014's hit produced by Michael Bay.
The identity of Forest Whitaker's character in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been revealed.
How Zelda Made Us Cry & Mighty Number 9 Broke Our Hearts - Up at Noon Live!
From Kingdom Hearts 3 to No Man's Sky, these are the big games that were M.I.A. from E3.
Marvel gears up for Comic-Con with one Hell of a teaser.
Nothing like a little overtime in Overwatch to raise the stakes.
Watch 5 drunk people try and retell Street Fighter's story mode... and fail miserably.
We built a crazy contraption in Fallout 4 to make sure we celebrate 4th of July with a bang.
Confirmed: Rogue One's Darth Vader will be played by James Earl Jones http://go.ign.com/mzBZyWJ
ICYMI on the #DailyFix: Mega Man creator Keiji Inafune opens up about the poor reception to Mighty No. 9.
An HBO exec always pays their debts http://go.ign.com/AR55yJY
But could we see it as early as next month? http://go.ign.com/vt8xABD
Spider-Man animated movie will be a "unique filmgoing experience" http://go.ign.com/1au3JbL
Today on the #DailyFix: Shuhei Yoshida sheds light on PlayStation Neo and how it will affect the PS4. Plus, Darth Vader is confirmed to appear in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story and more.
Bryan Cranston's Zordon ain't got no time for teenagers with attitude...
ICYMI: The grappling hook at the end of this Titanfall 2 multiplayer trailer is LEGIT!!!
Here are 16 minutes of Gravity Rush 2 gameplay w/ developer commentary from E3 2016!
ICYMI: Check out this functional Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Bionic Arm from the floor of E3 2016.
Tom Cruise returns in this action sequel that also stars Avengers' Cobie Smulders.
ICYMI: Far Point is one of the most impressive looking mixes of FPS and VR to date! We checked it out.
15 years... 7 films... TONS of awesome car stunts.  Which racing scene from the Fast & Furious franchise is your favorite?
Thank the maker! We now have plenty of new information on the cast of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
While looking at the Contraptions DLC features we torment Preston Garvey. He's told us that people need our help one too many times. Today he gets what's coming to him.
Abandoned scripts for the cancelled Star Wars TV project revealed an unexpected soft side to the galaxy's worst villain.
A handful of key changes have been made since the beta ahead of Halo 5 Warzone Firefight's final release. We detail them.
Modder Doug Keener has recreated Jerry's apartment from Seinfeld in the most unlikeliest of places.
The man in black is back to terrorise the galaxy once more. Or should that be for the first time?
Here are the top 10 Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. episodes: http://go.ign.com/4VhEj4G
It's time to say goodbye to more titles on Netflix. Here's what's leaving in July.
Things are heating up this July on Netflix -- all three Back To the Future movies and all four Lethal Weapon films will be available to stream, beginning the first of the month.
The Karate Kid taught us the only move we would ever need. Anyone else keep this ace up their sleeve for the rest of their lives?
The cancelled Star Wars TV show made you actually sympathise with the Emperor http://go.ign.com/zyNbXlW
ICYM the #DailyFix: Did you catch these God of War trailer secrets? E3's Spider-Man trailer was running in-game from the PlayStation, plus Justice League movie details.
ICYMI: Arrow is adding a familiar face to the cast in Season 5. IGN can exclusively reveal that The Walking Dead alum Chad L. Coleman has been cast in the recurring role of Tobias Church.
Darth Vader is confirmed to appear in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story http://go.ign.com/WcmWptz
Person of Interest creators go in-depth on the finale and who lived and who died http://go.ign.com/fx8ijXf
Person of Interest ended with a phenomenal series finale. Our review: http://go.ign.com/D0b8KmM
God of War PS4 won't have multiplayer - but it's not Kratos' last game http://go.ign.com/6ExL7w8
It's about family...
Gotham has cast a new Poison Ivy for Season 3 http://go.ign.com/aleI2gk
Breaking the Ubisoft mould http://go.ign.com/uiuvmeF
Person of Interest creators on the huge events that happened in the series finale http://go.ign.com/M1ClvNQ
Person of Interest series finale review http://go.ign.com/AEsQfXv
Today on the #DailyFix: Director Zack Snyder says the Justice League movie will be a complete movie and not a two-parter after all.
ICYMI: Here's how Destiny will be changing for the Rise of Iron DLC!
ICYMI: YouTube's MatPat talks to IGN's Naomi Kyle about his first impressions of E3 2016.
ICYMI: Juicy details and impressions from our time with the creative minds behind Jason's return.
Wrestling Wrap Up! Dean Ambrose gets a big win: http://go.ign.com/HAZdozv
Xbox One S -- Microsoft's new, slimmer console -- will reportedly have "additional raw GPU and CPU power compared to the Xbox One."
ICYMI: God of War 4 has a very unique gameplay element... parenting. Check out how it blends itself into the game!
Any Serious Sam fans out there? We got to check out a little bit of the VR-version of Serious Sam!
Aquaman wears jeans and 8 more things we learned on the set of Justice League last week:  http://go.ign.com/xqMiEt6
Sea of Thieves is one of the coolest looking co-op games to come out of E3 this year. We had a chat with the developers to learn all about it!
Based on the worldwide, best-selling manga  series of the same name, Funimation will release all three movies sequentially in late 2016.
WWE has suspended Roman Reigns http://go.ign.com/OkZqapM
We saw a lot of epic facial hair at E3 2016. These are the 10 best beards from the conference!  Who is your pick for number 1?
Check out Grand Theft Auto V's new power-up-focused adversary mode, Power Play, plus the new car, the Grotti X80 Proto.
How long can this man dance across the E3 show floor without getting arrested?
Although it was originally announced by Warner Bros. Entertainment as a two-part film, Justice League is now a standalone film and not a two-parter.
#GTAOnline adds a new Power Play Adversary Mode and more! Here's all the weekly update info: http://go.ign.com/jtk6T6v
After expanding the Mortal Kombat Universe, the game's director is open to an even darker punch up.
When talking about his take on the Batman series, Ben Affleck says: "I'm not going to make a movie until there's a script that I think is good."
Ben Affleck says Batman seeks to 'redeem himself' in Justice League:  http://go.ign.com/G2dEDC1
From the awesome to the downright awful, E3 has a long history of ridiculous on-stage moments. These are the craziest.
Ben Affleck is not yet happy with the Batman solo script http://go.ign.com/IbJeFRq
And so we say it again: release date, please! http://go.ign.com/7TL6aeT
Meet Marvel's newest antihero, Mosaic.  Learn more: go.ign.com/p1Hkjeg
Another source says PS4 Neo is set to release this year and the Nintendo NX won't be restricted to digital media. Plus, a chance to win any game of your choice!
IMPORTANT: A special security message from Jeff Goldblum.
Kruger Vs. Alien? Mortal Kombat's devs are considering making a horror movie fighting game http://go.ign.com/kHk6ymI
Producers reveal Justice League will not be a two-part movie after all:   http://go.ign.com/Ayg3l8d
Have you spotted them all? http://go.ign.com/ObreAi0
We've seen some of the Justice League movie and the Flash pretty much stole the show:  http://go.ign.com/L3M0ZCI
Independence Day: Resurgence is big, dumb fun. Our review http://go.ign.com/A6YoKEw
Who wouldn't want to be in a bromance with Jeff Goldblum?
New 12 Monkeys review, as Cassie and Ramse go rogue in 1961 http://go.ign.com/Qu67bqF
Lok'tar ogar! Looks like the Warcraft movie is officially the biggest video game movie of all time. #ForTheHorde
New Preacher review, as Jesse and Odin have some words http://go.ign.com/AiaF8gi
We got Jeff Goldblum to rank the Internet's best Jeff Goldblum memes.
The LEGO Star Wars animated series The Freemaker Adventures starts off strong. Our Review: http://go.ign.com/7fZkjqh
Here are 9 minutes of brand new Dishonored 2 gameplay!
Hideo Kojima revealed his new game, "Death Stranding" starring Norman Reedus. #E32016
Check out the hilarious stage demo for South Park: The Fractured But Whole from #UbiE3! #E32016
Noctis' flying car in Final Fantasy XV is so sick.
Here's how Destiny will be changing for the Rise of Iron DLC!
Bethesda has confirmed to IGN that two of the developer's upcoming projects will be huge undertakings, comparable in scope to Fallout and Skyrim.
E3 2016 has taught us that robots > people.
Hideo Kojima talks more about Death Stranding's genre, and find out more about the surprise setting of the new God of War. Plus, our PlayStation 4 giveaway!
Penny Dreadful came to an end last night. Our review of the final episode: http://go.ign.com/dJaGQ7j
Probably has film executives shouting "zug-zug" happily http://go.ign.com/3inwAA3
Physical remains the future http://go.ign.com/fT48fQl
Here's a quick look at cooking in Zelda: Breath of the Wild! #E32016
Even after missing E3 http://go.ign.com/W9vHgUl
Nintendo has revealed that the open world in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is 12 times larger than the map in Twilight Princess.
Last night's Game of Thrones delivered one hell of a battle. Our review: http://go.ign.com/GKJgD3S
Cheers, loves! http://go.ign.com/6nKejIz
He loves a Joe Schmo, apparently http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/06/20/independence-day-director-roland-emmerich-mocks-marvel-movies/
Even the start of Dark Souls 3 is too hard for an idiot.  Full episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6hXWY0nxkY
Mighty No. 9 review: http://go.ign.com/cUOCDFO
See the cool new teaser trailer for HBO's Westworld, from Jonathan Nolan and J.J. Abrams http://go.ign.com/Zeppn3o
#GameofThrones' showrunners call Daenerys a "good" Targaryen http://go.ign.com/tF8Vp84
In celebration of that satisfying #GameofThrones moment. Spoilers! http://go.ign.com/Bbn6sI9
New Silicon Valley review, as Richard and the guys hit another snag http://go.ign.com/Bj8AaFJ
New Game of Thrones review, as the show delivered one of its biggest and most impressive episodes http://go.ign.com/gsicNGL
The real-life battles that inspired "The Battle of the Bastards." #GameofThrones http://go.ign.com/idAQQHP
Everything we know about Mass Effect: Andromeda. http://go.ign.com/flkAjLd
Take to the seas with your friends! Here's the multiplayer gameplay demo for Sea of Thieves!
IGN's 11 Biggest Stories from E3 2016: http://go.ign.com/35ThZYh
Spider-Man is coming to PlayStation 4!  #E32016
A sneak peek at Mass Effect: Andromeda!
Are you ready for the trenches, soldier? Here's the official gameplay trailer for Battlefield 1! #E32016
During Bethesda's E3 press conference it was revealed that the first piece of premium DLC for Doom is called Unto the Evil, which is due out next month.
Anton Yelchin dead after fatal car accident http://go.ign.com/ykxTqaz
We've gathered everything we know about Zelda: Breath of the Wild into one location. http://go.ign.com/Yv5Gs7M
Just in case you live under a rock and missed it, the rumors are real. We're getting a TES:V Skyrim remaster! #E32016
For Honor will be released on the PS4, Xbox One and PC, Ubisoft announced at its E3 press conference today.
Celebrate Father's Day with our look at some, well, not-so great dads in Game of Thrones    http://go.ign.com/TCCfwpY
Say hello to the Xbox One Slim. #E32016 #XboxE3
How does the Xbox One Scorpio compare to the PlayStation Neo? http://go.ign.com/HBNzIpZ
Are you prepared? Because here is 10 minutes of God of War 4. GET HYPED!
How ReCore marries intense combat and touching moments. http://go.ign.com/33w0Ujh
Vengeance is served. #Outlander http://go.ign.com/NnkHSd1
Everything we know about @telltalegames' Batman. http://go.ign.com/GNEmvq7
We got to check out 14 minutes of Steep Game footage, Ubisoft's first truly open-world sports game. #E32016
New Girl Meets World review, as Riley has some permanent record issues http://go.ign.com/41IG5um
In case you didn't catch it during E3. Resident Evil 7 has been officially announced. Expect it January 24, 2017. #E32016
From ARK to Zelda, here's our list of every big game shown off at E3 2016. http://go.ign.com/78Ix6gE
In case you missed it! Sony has announced that Crash Bandicoot, Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back, and Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped will all be remastered and released for PlayStation 4.
High demand for the @Halo Wars 2 beta prompted a 2-day extension. http://go.ign.com/JNIZcvG
This is the official trailer for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild!!! #E32016
South Park: The Stick of Truth will come to PS4 and Xbox One, Ubisoft announced at its E3 2016 press conference.
We took all of the Injustice 2 stage transitions we caught during E3 and put them in to one video. Check them out!
Learn why LEGO Star Wars: The Freemaker Adventures is "more intense" than expected, and see a new clip http://go.ign.com/PwC3vxf
In case you didn't catch it, God of War 4 has a very unique gameplay element... parenting. Check out how it blends itself into the game!
Orange is the New Black's fourth season is a great one. Our review: http://go.ign.com/e6YH9Vb
No Man's Sky settled with Sky and can now legally use the word "sky." http://go.ign.com/VrZD8pf
In case you missed it! Here's 9 minutes of Horizon Zero Dawn gameplay! #E32016
Everything we know about @InsomniacGames new Spider-man game. http://go.ign.com/0jaddir
Despite the shooting in Fallout 4 being "really good," some players thought Bethesda could have improved on a few things, including the dialogue system.
Not everything gets leaked!  Here are the BIGGEST surprises from #E32016!
New Outcast review, as Kyle and Reverend Anderson confront an unusual possession http://go.ign.com/8bItdPV
ICYMI Our review of Netflix's terrific new Voltron Legendary Defender series   http://go.ign.com/AgiQWsG
All the info we have so far on Batman VR. http://go.ign.com/1A3pYZq
This is an accurate depiction of how most of us reacted when the new The Legend of Zelda gameplay was shown.
Take a tour of Sony's awesome E3 booth with Brian Altano. There's a robot dinosaur! http://go.ign.com/6XCiifC
Miss the Nintendo #E32016 conference and all of its The Legend of Zelda glory?  We've got you covered!  Here are its 5 biggest stories!
The Star Wars additions at Disney World continue, including an impressive new night time show debuting this weekend http://go.ign.com/TSnTxWy
Miss the Bethesda #E32016 conference?  We got you!  Here are the 5 biggest stories that came out of it!
From Last Guardian's bird dog to Zelda's leaping deer, check out this #E3 creature montage. http://go.ign.com/1N6aLQd
Did you miss the Sony PlayStation #E32016 conference?  WE GOT YOU!  Here are its 5 biggest stories!
AMC's The Walking Dead went to great lengths to avoid potential season 7 spoilers. http://go.ign.com/qCo8XW4
In case you didn't see it the first time, this The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild gameplay is stunning.
Did you miss one of this year's amazing #E3 conferences? We've got them all right here. http://www.ign.com/wikis/e3/E3_2016_Live_Streams_and_Press_Conferences
From God of War to Hideo Kojima's new game, Death Stranding, these are the biggest gaming news announcements of E3 2016.
Everything we know about the new God of War. http://go.ign.com/GYm98KZ
Noctis' flying car in Final Fantasy XV is so sick.
Here are the 51 biggest games we saw at #E32016. http://www.ign.com/videos/2016/06/17/the-51-biggest-games-of-e3-2016
Are you an Injustice fan? If so, you'll want to watch this. It's every super so far from Injustice 2.
The UK IGN team sit down to chat the best and worst of E3 2016 http://go.ign.com/7V0FGhD
YouTuber MatPat runs down the top 5 things he saw at #E32016!
In case you missed it Sony Santa Monica once considered a focus on Egyptian mythology for God of War.
NVIDIA Gives Their Advice on How to Conquer Overwatch's Game Modes http://go.ign.com/QY1pKhd #ad
NVIDIA Gives Their Advice on How to Conquer Overwatch's Game Modes http://go.ign.com/QY1pKhd #ad
Orphan Black: Season 4 finale review http://go.ign.com/Hskr02T
YouTuber MatPat and Naomi Kyle take Oculus for a test ride!
The Playstation E3 booth is usually one of the highlights of the show and this year didn't disappoint. Also, they have giant awesome Watcher's walking around. http://go.ign.com/MOPEDZD
Yakuza 0 is a prequel to the previous games in the series. We checked out the demo!
IGN staff members got a chance to see extended #GodofWar gameplay! Here are their thoughts: http://go.ign.com/4tLPDZj
E3 2016 has come to an end. Here is what the IGN staffed picked as "Game of the Show" for 2016!  What was yours?
We got a gameplay preview of the trippy first-person survival game, We Happy Few! Check it out.
We got a lengthy demo of Vampyr! Check out all the blood-sucking goodness for yourself.
Every year E3 showcases a ton of creatures at the conferences so why not show them off in a montage? Did we miss any? Let us know. http://go.ign.com/r8Ragn2
We got to check out gameplay of Tekken 7! Enjoy.
We got an overview of all the cool features that are coming to Skylanders Imaginators!
Here is what's coming in the latest expansion for The Division!
Have you ever wanted to hang with robotic animals? Then ReCore might be the game for you. http://go.ign.com/YcaDq3o
Hideo Kojima talks more about Death Stranding's genre and the surprise setting of the new God of War. Plus, our PlayStation 4 giveaway!
We got to check out a little bit of the VR-version of Serious Sam!
What's new in Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2? Check it out!
F1 2016 has a lot of new things coming to it, including things the community requested!
Looks like Supergirl has found it's Superman. Watch the video for more Super details.
Beware of walking mech-animals at the PlayStation booth at #E32016...
I think I'll just sit here and stare at the beauty of Hyrule...
Shattered: Tale of the Forgotten King mixes 3D action and 2D platforming in one game! Check it out.
The Surge is an action-RPG set in a horrifying, colorful, dystopian future. Check it out! #E32016
Check out this functional Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Bionic Arm from the floor of E3 2016.
YouTube's MatPat talks to IGN's Naomi Kyle about his first impressions of E3 2016.
Star Trek: Bridge Crew will be a cooperative, social experience in VR! Here's everything you need to know.
Juicy details and impressions from our time with the creative minds behind Jason's return.
ICYMI A Teen Wolf alum has been cast as Supergirl's new version of Superman http://go.ign.com/nUsxT4U
Despite the shooting in Fallout 4 being "really good," some players thought Bethesda could have improved on a few things, including the dialogue system.
Get down at #E32016 with the Super Soul Bros. and live Pokémon jams!
"That's not gonna be a good idea."
We couldn't hold Macklemore and Ryan Lewis back during the Citibank US Concert Series — and we wouldn't want to!
Watch the pair sing what seems to be every pop song about love ever!
Bad news for kids (and the rest of us) who hate needles.
Macklemore and Ryan Lewis brought the party to the plaza this morning!  Photo: Nathan Congleton
Congratulations, Katherine Heigl and Josh Kelley!
It's safe to say Ben Affleck is a very passionate New England Patriots fan.
Da na na na na na na na… Batman premiered 27 years ago today!
Preach, Blake Lively!
Raise your hand if this has happened to you!
If you were caught in a flash flood in your car, would you know what to do?
What he says isn't always what he means.
Finally, an answer to the question: "Do these look good on me?"
Impress your guests with these easy bites
We're just going to ignore the fact that Kylie Jenner is only 18.
Yes, there IS a right way!
See her sweet story!
*Slathers on burger*
To have and to hold, in snakebites and in health!
"The Real Housewives of New York City" star initially thought she was just exhausted.
"Babies are just like little mirrors of you."
Sugar is in everything – not just ice cream.
They are avoidable!
These schoolboys just taught a big lesson in kindness.
Cleanup is now a breeze!
Big news for fans of The Bachelor!
These are CLASSIC!
"I immediately felt horrible about a situation where I assumed I was standing up for someone."
WATCH: A rattlesnake bit this groom during the couple's wedding shoot, but they're still in 'good spirits!' http://on.today.com/28QyqDx
"Politicians — take a look. This is your child, your children, your grandchildren, your great grand children and future generations to come."
Talk about relationship goals.
Which do you see?
"Mommy, can you sing to me?"
Netflix and chill?
WATCH: These schoolboys taught a big lesson in kindness! http://on.today.com/28UI7gl
"As long as you do what you love doing, and not worrying too much about money, it will come, because people will see that you love what you're doing. Whatever your dream is ... just do it."
Gooey melted cheese dip? Yes, please!
"It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning is winning."  The Fast & Furious franchise raced into theaters 15 years ago, and has been going strong ever since!
If you type on a keyboard, you'll want to read this.
"I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way."   Who Framed Roger Rabbit premiered 28 years ago today!
"The world met me as a young girl. But after I had my little girl, I knew that I needed to take time away."
WATCH: It's all fun and games until someone gets stuck in a giant Barney head. http://on.today.com/28MlH0O
More than 10,000 people in the U.S. will die of melanoma this year.
Jennifer Lopez talking about her dad has us tearing up.
"Once we got the door open, he came running out so fast."
Goose bumps!
Saturday Night Live cast member Bobby Moynihan had us cracking up this morning!
"We tried to be professional, and she was a little distraught, but we had to giggle about it."
This teen's Donald J. Trump impersonation might be better than Jimmy Fallon's!
Happy 67th birthday to the woman who proves age is just a number, Meryl Streep!
We love seeing these White House 'staffers' together again!
The political front-runner in baby names is ….
"I take this very seriously, and I apologize to all of the passengers and crew that I disturbed."
Forget "man's best friend." This one's more like "man's absolute best-est friend forever and ever."
Happy 43rd birthday to our very own Carson Daly!
The best treatment might be to just accept it!
'Tis the season for zucchini fries!
Where does your state rank?
Stop the struggle!
We tried this supermodel-favorite trick for ourselves.
WATCH: Try this quick trick to prep kale, and you'll have a salad in less than 5 minutes! Get the recipe here:  http://on.today.com/28NdBap
: It's called a "traffic light" approach and it works better than calorie counts on menus, a study shows.
Would you drink this blue wine?
We heard Meghan Trainor on the plaza this morning, now enjoy this brilliant mom parody of "No" – for all the moms taking a stand out there!
Restrooms marked "family" or "companion" are usually the most useful to someone with a disability, but they still are difficult to use because of high demand from non-disabled users.
That refrigerator may be one of the biggest we've seen.
Will Kelly Clarkson be our best friend?
"I want to raise a beautiful daughter who believes in herself and doesn't feel the need to drag women down to build herself up. We should stick with each other and be sisters."
Who wore it best?
Queen Elizabeth, social media maven?
"They are unwelcome."
WATCH: This salon can make your cat look like a dinosaur! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
We wouldn't want to be that pool noodle.
WATCH: Worst. Houseguest. Ever.
WATCH: This man's tribute to his terminally ill dog has us tearing up. http://on.today.com/28M1ufE
WATCH: Use this trick to easily apply sunscreen on your own back. http://on.today.com/1rsM1nY
If Joanna Gaines says it needs to get done, it needs to get done!
One bonus of this home: "Cleaning the whole house only takes about 20 minutes!"
Giada De Laurentiis makes the best risotto!
You know what's even better than going where everybody knows your name?   Going back in time!
"She'd wake up, one or two o'clock, 'I want a snack.' Well I'm not going to sit here and watch you eat because I don't want you to feel bad."
"I know there is a certain silence about miscarriages and pregnancy losses, but I am not ashamed that this happened to me.
WATCH: This 2-year-old pup's no fool. http://on.today.com/28IGm9e
The Modern Family star was inspired by Debra Messing!
Selena Gomez ditched the carpool lane with James Corden!
Happy 37th birthday to the hunky and hilarious Chris Pratt!
It may only be Tuesday, but Meghan Trainor rocked the plaza for the Citibank US Concert Series this morning!
WATCH: When none of Daniel's classmates came to his birthday party, the police came to the rescue. http://on.today.com/28Jkvuc
Today is going to rock. Do you know why? Because it started with Meghan Trainor on the plaza!
"These letters give you a little bit of faith, a little bit of hope and a little bit of strength."
"Why are you doing that to yourself?"
In an exclusive sitdown, Charlie Sheen said he regretted neglecting his children and "ruining Two and a Half Men."
Witnesses said the actress was sipping wine in first class when she started crying and talking about someone abusing her.
There is a new hope for people with Alzheimer's — and those at risk.
Charlie Sheen spoke with Matt Lauer this morning for the first time since revealing his HIV diagnosis last year.
Gwen Stefani knows how to celebrate!
Happy 34th birthday, Prince William!
"I have a lot of cash...but it would be nice to have some help from the party," Donald J. Trump told Matt Lauer and Savannah.
If Facebook makes you feel like crap, it's time to make a few changes.
We're not ashamed that we still love boxed mac and cheese!
"All I knew is that I wanted to look more like Kelly Taylor from '@90210,' and less like 'Felicity.'"
Save your sanity!
"If my body is too big, too tall, takes up too much space for H&M's clothes, then it's them who need to change, not me."
"His face just lit up. It was all the holidays rolled up into one. I've never seen him happier."
Kelly Clarkson's mini-concert took place right in her own house!
"Hearing the ultrasound tech say 'I'm sorry, but Twin B has no heartbeat' shattered my entire existence."
This little one loves to get dirty!
We're kicking off the first day of summer with this great quote from country singer Kenny Chesney! #MindfulMondays
Melissa Rivers, mom to 15-year-old Cooper, learned a thing or two from the legendary comedian.
Brenda McCool's funeral was scheduled for today; the Orlando Pulse shooting victim died as she lived; loving and supporting her kids.
"It's heartbreaking ... He had blisters all over the right side."
Holy house!
WATCH: This single dad's reaction to his basement makeover made us all weepy. http://on.today.com/28L8cj3
See Rory's loving Father's Day loving shoutout to his wife, who died in April.
On #WorldRefugeeDay, see how American moms are making a difference for kids.
WATCH: This 5-year-old has the skills of a pro hairstylist. See her sweet story: http://on.today.com/1WRSRRy
41 years later, and we still need a bigger boat! Jaws was released on this day in 1975.
Apparently you can teach old dogs new tricks!
What a sweet momma!
"Everything I do is for my parents and my family. The cars are nice, the houses is nice but none of this matters without them."
WATCH: It doesn't get cuter than this! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
The toy's catchphrases are perfect!
We're melting over Chrissy's Father's Day message to John Legend!
Welcome to the party, Luke Bryan!
It was the perfect ending to LeBron James' Father's Day!
Love Chinese food but hate the loaded calories? Joy Bauer is here to help!
Good morning, Blake Lively!
Wine for cats is real and it's spec-cat-ular!
Natalie Morales is taking the Cheerios challenge this morning!
*Runs to the beach*
Looking for a change?
Celebs, they're just like us... posting throwback Father's Day pics!
You might want to find a new place to stash your hair ties.
"She does what she does and I'm the proudest dad in the world."
Do it: Make the first move.
Co-stars including Chris Evans, Zachary Quinto and John Cho shared their heartbreak on social media.
Grocery shopping made *so* much easier, thanks to Joy Bauer.
P!nk's shower is everything we want out of a shower.
*Tears*
And the most popular baby names of 2016 (so far) are...
Talk about a father-son duo (and a perfect Father's Day throwback)!
Because dad's car IS "so much cooler." on.today.com/1PyKD9t
The best way to avoid Zika is to prevent bug bites.
How many have you visited?
Dads aren't babysitters. They're parents. on.today.com/2367mBf
Our dream home is on the market!
Happy 38th birthday to the stunning Zoe Saldana!
Put the phone down!
Father's Day is a wonderful time to reflect on the lessons our dad taught us. What did you learn from your dad? on.today.com/1UguHQt
Read this before your Starbucks run.
"Know that if your son or daughter ever needs help, they need their father's guidance and support just as much as they need their mother's."
Many gay couples adopt from the foster care system, helping hard-to-place kids find permanent homes.
WATCH: We're still not over this clip of Queen Elizabeth giving Prince William a bit of a royal scolding. Because granny's always right, especially when she's the queen! on.today.com/1V7B5Ub
"I'll get to see my son learn how to treat a woman with love and respect and admiration and, eventually, I'll get to see him tell a very lucky girl that it was his father who taught him how to treat women."
Willie Geist is live! What questions do you have about his interview with Bill Simmons or #SundayTODAY?
Wishing all the dads out there a very happy Father's Day!
Start adding these to your wish lists!
"For all those years, he wouldn't hold my hand, he wouldn't hug me — it was all part of the autism — but this dog has taught him how to give and show affection."
You had us at "eat more."
See, that was pretty painless.
The life lessons from "Finding Nemo" are worth remembering — even if Dory can't.
Well played, Gwen Stefani!
Near, far, wherever you are... you can bring Celine Dion home!
It's like popping bubble wrap … on your face.
"She was trying to remember and connect with him in a way that only a little girl can."
"It doesn't even look like my room!"
Now all we need is someone to cook this for us.
The first Father's Day is always special. Try these ideas to start some sweet traditions!
We have tears.
A registered dietitian weighs in on the age-old debate.
WATCH: Here's how often you should clean your Keurig — and the right way to do it! on.today.com/24WgSGw
Breakfast is the way to Dad's heart!
Heading outdoors this weekend? Maybe you should grab this perfume.
Happy early Father's Day to this guy!
"Being a father was something I always wanted for as long as I could remember."   By NBC News Brand Studio and JOHNSON'S baby.
"Marc and I are overwhelmed with gratitude and love," Chelsea Clinton wrote.
We're glad God gave us you, Blake Shelton! Happy 40th birthday!
"A little cellulite never hurt nobody."
"There are plenty of tough-guy examples out there, but one thing our little dude has taught me is that tenderness is actually strength."
"When the gunman came, her arms were open to him. Her arms were open all the time. That's how she treated everyone she knew."
It's not too late! You can make one of these sweet, easy DIY gifts for dad today.
"I got married and thought my heart was full, but then I had Jackson and realized there's WAY more room for love."
"I think about him every day... I still cry. I miss him. He was my soul mate."
Happy 74th birthday to the legend, Sir Paul McCartney
Hey guys, Craig Melvin is here! Do you have any questions for him? Ask away...
Party time!
Just like Meat Loaf, we all need to drink more water
Give dad a break and man the grill at a relaxing Father's Day cookout!
You should NOT treat a jellyfish sting with urine.
The first Father's Day is always special. Try these ideas to start some sweet traditions!
"We have family days on set. That's something that Tina started back at '30 Rock.'"
"Like father, like daughter."
"Love is texting that you're at the store, what do we need. And waiting while I send you an enormous list of must-haves, including wine, wipes, milk, bananas, and eggs, and a million other things."
"Yoga allowed me to experience my body in a whole new way."
"I hope he would be proud of me, but I also know he had a very tough work ethic. I think he'd pat me on the shoulder and say, 'You got a really nice start sweetie, keep going.'"
"They are actually very interested in being musicians."
"This memory was, for many years, the only proof I had that despite him leaving, despite his fundamental disinterest in me as I grew up, my dad did love me at one time."
WATCH: "Creature from the Black Lagoon?" Nope, just a face mask. Learn more! http://on.today.com/1OuEBLS
WATCH: Savannah and Dylan talk pregnancy cravings and see Al Roker get caught on the kiss cam! Check out this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
WATCH: See this 10-year-old cancer patient's jaw-dropping reaction to her room makeover. http://on.today.com/1OuGcS1
Meet the oldest Olympic relay runner ever!
Calling all dads! Are you up to the challenge?
Walking on water isn't just for religious deities anymore.
So doggone sweet!
Get your tissues ready...
Someone shouted "Does anyone know CPR?" The bride did.
"I didn't know how much love my heart could hold." Carson Daly, Willie Geist and TODAY Parenting Team contributors talk about how becoming a father changed their life. Reminder: Father's Day is Sunday! Watch more here: http://on.today.com/1UAwqhT  (The TODAY Parenting Team's "Life Changes" challenge was created with our sponsor JOHNSON'S baby. #LittleWonders)
WATCH: Comfort dogs fly to Orlando to help victims, family members heal http://on.today.com/23gyTA7
This family is off to a pawsitively adorable start!
We hope you celebrate accordingly!
Oh, Diane Keaton, never change!
"Your kid's life is in your hands. The consequences probably won't show up for another 30 or 40 years, but make no mistake, if we don't raise our kids well, they will suffer."
"In his death, a part of you dies and goes with him. Wherever he goes, you also go. He will not be alone."
Joanna Gaines revealed the (furry) new family members on Thursday!
Get this right!
"Even with their hands bandaged and tubes in, they just wanted to pet the dogs."
WATCH: Pope Francis met a purr-fect guest this week! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
On a hot day, your instinct to jump into a cold body of water is more dangerous than you know.
Finally some good news this week!
Charlie Puth's performance during the Citibank US Concert Series is one to remember. #CharliePuthTODAY
WATCH: Willie Geist and Carson Daly had the sweetest things to say about fatherhood this morning! http://on.today.com/1iksL1o
This girl is on fire — about camera phones at her shows.
Jim Gaffigan live from the #OrangeRoom!
"Bullying is bullying, wherever it happens."
Did you hear?! You can now watch TODAY anytime, anywhere on NBC.com! http://on.today.com/1Qbo9kv
Watch Meat Loaf's scary fall during his concert Thursday.
Charlie Puth is kicking off our weekend on the plaza this morning! #CharliePuthTODAY
Not sure how to eat carbs and still lose weight? Desperate to organize your life once and for all? Trying to shed the baby pounds?   Joy Bauer, Jill Martin and Jenna Bush Hager are here to help in a live chat! Ask your nutrition, organizing and fitness questions in the comment section below — they may answer yours!
Jimmy Fallon and Dwayne The Rock Johnson had a prom night to remember Thursday!
On this day 22 years ago, O.J. Simpson led police on a chase across Los Angeles in that infamous white Bronco. Where did you watch?    (Photo: Getty Images)
There are body changes, aches and pains that often get overlooked.
Funnel cake ice cream sandwiches and more fun ideas for dad's big day
Pinky up! 54 surprising ways to use tea
Guilt-free chips, crackers and more delicious snacks
Bethenny Frankel opens up about her new man.
Why thinking about "Free Willie," lice and big noses can help you never forget a name.
Check out 9 awesome Father's Day desserts he's going to love!
"Grandma Yetta, I love you!"
Ooey, gooey and oh-so easy.
"A woman's career spans 40 to 50 years. They only take a few years out and shouldn't be penalized."
It's not every day a young dance student gets to perform with a ballet star.
Eddie Murphy lived here, too!
She looked in the mirror and didn't realize she was staring at herself!
Even the judge dressed up – as Snow White!
This baby is all of us at mealtime.
Um can we move in?
"I felt her presence the way I do most days since she's been gone."
"I am moved to tears yet again as I struggle to put our experience into words. People ARE kind. People DO care."
"I don't remember a standing ovation that was immediate. Usually, if there's a good speech, you get a slow rise. But the excitement from this crowd was tangible."
"In spite of this senseless act, I have no doubt that the love and friendship of your city will remain strong."
Who needs a fountain of youth when 60 looks this good?
Is this the cutest call of the wild ever?
WATCH: 200 strangers attend the funeral of a WWII homeless vet with no family  http://on.today.com/1S7bSrg
*Actually* she was a Lt. Commander!
What he said to a breastfeeding mom was disgusting, but the way Target workers and bystanders responded was awesome.
WATCH: This girl got a fairy-tale ending on her adoption day! http://on.today.com/1UeYIjG
What Lane Graves' family needs now is compassion, not judgment.
See him transform into everyone from Frozen's Elsa to Cinderella and Snow White!
All the '90s kids should recognize this image!
If you've ever wanted to take a look around TODAY's historic Studio 1A, now's your chance — and you don't even need to book tickets to NYC.
WATCH: Bless this socially awkward dog. on.today.com/265a6km
Helen Mirren feels the need for speed!
"It's a real relationship," Amy Schumer said.
Thirty-eight years later, we're still hopelessly devoted to Grease!
Carson and Siri, we're coming over for dinner!!
*yawn*
"She's in England and Scotland and Mexico and Wyoming and California... She is places nobody would expect her to be."
"(Disney's) had hundreds of millions of visitors. They've never had this problem before."
Pool parties are ruff, and this dog gets it.
Congratulations, Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis!
"God put me at this place, this moment in time for a reason."
"God put me at this place, this moment in time for a reason."
You can enjoy your grande latte with skim. Just don't ask for it extra hot.
"Ladies, learn from my mistake."
Avoid common mistakes that will destroy your pan!
*Books reservation*
"It was a final act of respect for her. I didn't know her, but I care about her and her service."
Blake Lively shared her secret to maintaining a happy marriage.
Yes, becoming a parent is magical and beautiful and amazing. No, it won't always feel that way. Sometimes it will feel scary and sad and really, really hard. And that's OK.
The most common interest listed on resumes by those in New Hampshire? Bigfoot.
"This is my dad song, beer makes me glad song, my ugly plaid song…"
Kim Kardashian West has pulled off another first!
"I want you to stay little forever, okay?"
She spent how much to have the same look as Princess Kate?
"A lot of these children have never left the hospital, so their family has never seen them without tape on their face and without tubes all over."
For breakfast, lunch and dinner, Kim Kardashian West eats meals peppered with just the right amount of peculiar ingredients to keep us feeling alienated.
"Tonight we remember someone that created a type of magic that we can never replace."
"In an age when care for one's body has become an obsession and a big business, anything that is imperfect has to be hidden away, since it threatens the happiness and serenity of the privileged few and endangers the dominant model."
*Slow clap*
The dog was soaking wet as the man pulled him to safety on a day when temperatures were more than 90 degrees.
"Our ultimate goal is to try to bring some closure to the family by recovering their loved one."
Nice work, guys!
Here are The Biggest Loser trainer's best tips!
This gives us goose bumps!
The "Friends" star got off to a strong start — but James Corden was hot on his heels!
Need some laughs to get over the mid-week hump? Look no further.
We're listening…
"It has been now about 15 hours since the child was taken into the water, so we know that we are working on recovering the body of the child at this point."
Everyone's "Friend" turns 54 today! Happy birthday, Courteney Cox!
Splish splash!
For people who have tried everything to lose weight and failed, a new device may be a solution.
The internet's favorite 'hot felon' is back!
When ABBA plays, everyone wins.
Adam Levine didn't have a problem captioning this pic.
Trying to lose weight this summer? Here's what Bob Harper wants you to do. http://on.today.com/24R2kYO
"It's just a tragic, tragic situation."
"Theoretically the stuff is still edible but we wouldn't say it's advisable."
Most charming Google search ever?
We're so happy to have Jay Leno here — and he seems pretty happy about it too!
WATCH: The New York Mets caught Al Roker on the kiss cam last night! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
Relationship goals.
Jay Leno made some new friends on our plaza this morning!
Our leading story this morning.
Happy 43rd birthday, Neil Patrick Harris! You'll always be teenager doc Doogie Howser to us. http://on.today.com/1OoIKB4
"We allowed ourselves to have a moment of 'poor us.' And that was it. Then somebody cried, and it was 'Got to go!'"
WATCH: This 9-year-old swam through San Francisco Bay to Alcatraz — and back! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
Skip the tie and give dad what he REALLY wants.
Get out your toolbox to get an insight to your health!
Thousands of pharmacists pick their top drug store brands.
How to make homemade gnocchi, the easy way
Harvard scientists looked at 14 long-term studies and the findings were clear.
This elephant found the right people at the right time!
The stress response was made for sudden moments, like when we needed to run away from a bear or a saber tooth tiger. But if your stress feels constant and chronic, these expert strategies can help.
Fact or fiction: Sleeping with your hair down will make it grow faster.
"A talented young woman with so much ahead of her."
Should female chefs have their own awards?
"Unless you are Jolie's doctor, her father, or her mom, do NOT tell me how to raise my child, or how to feed her."
Vote for your favorite!
Congratulations, Tess Holliday!
"I like to say I don't care what people say about me, but that's not true."
Dads are our everyday heroes – so show him you care this holiday.
WHAT?!
Stay-at-home moms, what's the most surprising thing you do? Tarantula care, anyone?
You — yes, you — can keep a plant alive.
We can't stop watching this mesmerizing video!
What's the magic number?
It's getting to be crunch time! Check out these 8 easy Father's Day gifts your kids can make before Sunday.
"We had no idea the all-consuming nightmare we narrowly escaped inside."
WATCH: An emotional Lady Gaga delivered a passionate tribute to the Orlando victims.
One travel site wants us to know we're all a lot more connected than we think we are.
The good news is, dads feel respected by moms. The bad news is, the rest of society totally doesn't get what they do.
"I don't sweat the small stuff anymore. Snotty noses, disastrous house, laundry as tall as the ceiling? Beth would give anything for that right now, and I have that."
Our dream home!!
"Whether you're a single mom or a single dad, you are doing it all — all the parenting nitty-gritty from toilets to toenails, concerts to coaching, homework to health forms."
"This is an attack on everyone."
WATCH: An NBC anchor 'apologizes' to dog he found crying in a hot car. http://on.today.com/1Ui4z4E
River Rose is just the cutest, Kelly Clarkson!
WATCH: This little piggy...went to the beach?? http://on.today.com/1Ub1LsY
Have an amazing dad? Tell us what makes him special!  TODAY with our sponsor Smucker's may celebrate him Thursday in the Orange Room. http://on.today.com/1Pj6WBw
"It's a lot of visibility in a time where its unsafe to be visible."
"I guess certain things happen for a reason."
WATCH: "49 good people and 1 bad guy," Jimmy Fallon said. "There will always be more good than evil."  http://on.today.com/1UxDOGx
He's scared of something a fraction of his size!
Need a smile? James Corden and the Red Hot Chili Peppers will give you one.
Carrie Underwood is sharing her fitness secrets!
The royals have a special place in their heart for the city of Orlando.
"I just kept screaming, 'What?' And finally it sunk in and you can't wrap your brain around that. You just can't."
Jenna Bush Hager summarized so many mothers' thoughts perfectly.
That's right!
WATCH: Las Vegas' 24-story Monaco Tower crumbled in a controlled implosion this morning. http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
There weren't a lot of laughs on Monday late-night shows, but these hosts had important messages to share.
"If I had known that my son was in the club laying on the floor, I would have gone in myself with no equipment and brought him on my back."
What a touching offer, Adam Levine.
On this Flag Day, a lone American flag flies at half-staff on Rockefeller Plaza.
"It was 90 degrees out, sweltering, and your dog was crying loudly – loud enough that I could hear it across the parking lot."
The Eiffel Tower lit up in the colors of the rainbow flag to pay a tribute for victims of the Orlando shooting.   Photo: Chesnot/Getty Images
Love your Keurig? Then show it some TLC!
These eyes are on you!
We're swooning over these gorgeous looks from Broadway's big night.
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
See how George H.W. Bush celebrated his 92nd birthday!
The Modern Family star even posed for a selfie with the pop superstar.
Jenna Bush Hager beautifully summarized what many mothers have been feeling since Sunday.
He's got the perfect wing man!
"Kids are spending too much time behind video games and screens."
Already this year, 12 children have died in hot cars.
"I hope for a better future for my kids as I cannot let them live in fear. I will continue to teach them to be kind and to help those in need."
When Lauren Casper was in the process of adopting, her pregnant friend learned that her own baby would not survive long after birth. http://on.today.com/1UM3QIF
66% of Americans don't know how Zika virus is transmitted other than by mosquitoes, a survey finds. Knowing is important because Zika causes numerous birth defects, including microcephaly.
"This is family. We are one, strong band of people."
Meghan Trainor asked concertgoers to sing along as "a shout-out to our girl, Christina."
"I am so, so sorry. I am sorry that our tragedy here in Sandy Hook wasn't enough to save your loved ones."

Want to help? Here's how.
Our hearts are broken for this mom — and all the families who lost loved ones in Sunday morning's shooting.
Gordon Ramsay revealed that he and wife Tana had a "devastating weekend" Monday morning.
"I was lucky my doctors caught it early. But I don't want other women to count on luck. It's important to learn the signs."
WATCH: We can't wait for James to accomplish his goal! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
We're remembering our friend Tim Russert who died eight years ago today.  Photo credit: Getty Images
"There's this grit. There's this determination."
Waldo became the voice of Judy on The Jetsons in 1962
"Ugh, as if!"
Are Zika mosquitoes in your state?
As parents grieve, we also have to think about how to talk to our children about yet another mass shooting.
"I can't stop crying," J.K. Rowling tweeted.
"My heart is absolutely broken. I miss you Christina."
WATCH: This mother's unimaginable reality broke our hearts this morning. http://on.today.com/1sBXYsB
"They are trained to run to things that most people run away from."
Donald J. Trump clarified his remarks on the Orlando shooting.
Flags around the Washington Monument are flying at half-staff Monday morning.   Photo: J. David Ake
Jake Gyllenhaal can sing!
"Please hug your families tonight. And be safe out there." -Orlando Police Chief John Mina http://on.today.com/1XRBTnb
Adele couldn't help but cry as she dedicated her concert to the victims in Orlando.
Christine Leinonen was still awaiting word from her son, Christopher, who was at Pulse nightclub early Sunday.
One acceptance speech honored Orlando in the most beautiful way
"How many more of these mass tragedies do we have to live through?" Hillary Clinton said on TODAY.
WATCH: "Mommy, I love you."   One mom shared the heartbreaking texts her son sent her from inside a bathroom at Pulse nightclub.  http://nbcnews.to/24KlorB
Matt Lauer is live in Orlando this morning.
One World Trade Center lit up in the pride flag colors while the Empire State Building goes dark to pay tribute to the Orlando shooting victims.
"Hate will never win. Together, we have to make sure of that. Tonight's show stands as a symbol and a celebration of that principle," James Corden said.
Officials released the names of six people killed in the Orlando nightclub massacre.
Ellen DeGeneres, Blake Shelton and Michael Phelps were among the countless people who shared messages of support.
Words to remember from President Obama in wake of today's shooting in Orlando.
"Our hearts are heavy for the unimaginable tragedy that happened last night in Orlando."
WATCH: President Obama's full statement on the Orlando shooting.   "In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give into fear or turn against each other." on.today.com/1tknFOi
"He saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry," the father of the Orlando nightclub shooter told NBC News.
The Orlando club shooter has been identified as Omar Mateen. His father tells NBC News: "We are apologizing for the whole incident."
With at least 50 people killed, the Orlando nightclub massacre has become the deadliest shooting in U.S. history.
Here's what we know about the Orlando nightclub shooting: Police say approximately 20 people are dead, at least 42 injured. The FBI says this will be investigated as "a domestic act of terror."
Police say approximately 20 people are dead and at least 42 have been taken to various hospitals after Orlando nightclub shooting.
There's something for everyone!
Your family and friends will love it!
Find out why this photo project is going viral.
If I want to cut salt, do I have to give up bread?
Planning to celebrate a new dad's first Father's Day next weekend? Read these tips for ideas!
Cheers to National Rosé Day!
Here's the right way to clean off your phone! on.today.com/1VLMNZK
The results left one Harry Potter actor 'thrilled'… or did it?
"When he finished, he turned my chair so I could face the mirror, and I burst into tears."
Forget the World Series — the New York Yankees' #HopeWeek is what we call a big win!
Vin Diesel's photo shows how Paul Walker's spirit lives on.
"To have the chance to thank one of the dogs who helped our city when we needed it most was an unforgettable experience."
WATCH: Can a lip stain really last 10 hours?! We tried it out! on.today.com/1UCSqa6
Is it a heat rash or sun poisoning?
"He was a champion of the human spirit."
Caption this pic! We're obsessed with this photo of Duchess Kate and Prince George sharing a laugh on the Buckingham Palace balcony! See more: on.today.com/1XfDHpl  Photo: Karwai Tang / WireImage
Ferris Bueller's Day Off hit theaters 30 years ago today!
Can you believe American Idol premiered 14 years ago today?! We already miss this show!
Looks like Prince George and Princess Charlotte had a blast!
"Her star was shining so bright, which certainly makes this tragedy that much harder this morning."
Join our weekend TODAY anchors for their first Facebook Live Q&A! Comment below with any questions you have for a chance to have them answered live!!
11 awesome ideas to cure that summer boredom. All you have to do is hit the dollar store.
What a perfect mix of old and new!
"I joke that dating is like an unpaid internship. It's the kind of work where you don't know exactly what it's for and what it's leading to. Labor of Love: The Invention of Dating."
We can't get over how cool these are!
Modern dads, where do you fit in? Take our survey and let us know!
WATCH: Is this the tiniest house in the world? http://on.today.com/1rgPTs2
"I will explain to my son what it means to say no and stop, not just in words but in actions."
"It's about teaching kids that they can pursue any dream, regardless of any insecurities they have, or any barriers that they may face. You've just got to keep pushing."
We're not crying… We just have a little dust in our eyes…
There's nothing this girl wouldn't do for her brother, who has a heart condition.
The pair showed off some crooning skills that even Ol' Blue Eyes himself could be proud of.
Someone grab this groom a tissue!
WATCH: Babies! Birthdays! Puppies! There's a lot to celebrate in this week's #SliceOfOrange!
"My story is different from Brock Turner's victim. Different, but not really that different."
"He has, quite simply, been my strength & stay all these years," Queen Elizabeth said of her husband.
Happy birthday to the king of all Wild Things! Still one of our all-time favorites. We love you so, Maurice Sendak!
WATCH: Training every day for four years paid off for Fernando Rodriguez, who took his first steps on his own in front of over 2,000 people. http://on.today.com/25Pj8Fm
WATCH: This dog nailed it when it comes to blowing bubbles. Next step, the doggie paddle?! http://on.today.com/1gZEVA1
I think you're caught, little man.
"It was always a dream of mine to watch my boys on the same field, and that day, my dream came true."
"The best anti-aging cream you could ever possibly invest in is…"  By NBC News Brand Studio and Olay
Ben Affleck and Matt Damon prove their bromance is forever – see the hilarious pics!
WATCH: A girl born without a hand plays music thanks to a 3-D printed prosthesis. http://on.today.com/24FRq87
True or false: You can get burnt through a car window.
Seeing the "after" pics, we're ready to move in!
Judy Garland would have been 94 years old today.
"He gave a commencement speech without saying a word. Every step he took was a sign of his strength."
It's been nine years, but we're still not over The Sopranos' ending.
We're royally shocked!
"It was a really emotional, powerful, spiritual moment."
Come again?
WATCH: Meet the three cutest cubs around! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
Nick Jonas crushed it on the plaza for the Citibank US Concert Series!
Dylan Dreyer is opening up about the roller coaster of emotions the first few weeks of pregnancy have brought.
Dylan's husband, Brian Fichera, joined the party!  Photo: Nathan Congleton
What's better than a birthday party for mom? Beyoncé tickets for mom.
"I couldn't care less about late-night television."
WATCH: Dylan Dreyer made a big announcement this morning — and we couldn't be more excited! http://on.today.com/1Yeo4xB
Congratulations, Dylan Dreyer!
The TODAY family keeps on growing!   Congratulations Dylan Dreyer and Brian on your baby BOY! #CongratsDylan http://on.today.com/1Yeo4xB
Fun — or inappropriate?
Need help building an emergency savings fund? Trying to eat healthier? Looking for tips to organize...your life?  Jill Martin, Jean Chatzky and Joy Bauer are here to help in a live chat! Ask your financial, nutrition and organizing questions in the comment section below — they may answer yours!
"I don't want to lose the beauty of the kids as they have to grow up and move on from me."
Nick Jonas is warming up the crowd early this morning! #NickJonasTODAY
Here's what those pains could mean — and what to do about it!
This would make mornings so much better.
But what will we lug our dirty laundry in?
3 ingredients are all you need.
Tip #4: Turn that music UP!
4 rules parents can follow to raise kids who understand consent… and it starts when they're still in diapers.
"'Scuse me," 4-year-old Justin said to the barista, whom he could barely see. "I ordered grande."
Wine cellar – or Harry Potter's room?
Watch the reveal that had one husband shrieking with delight!
"I think at first my mom was just in disbelief that it happened. But now we look at it and laugh."
"I'm shaking. I'm sorry my … buddies also have to deal with this. We need to make that as bad as other slurs."
"I'm most excited about the guitar. I think it's a really cool instrument and I want to play that."
WATCH: A mom battling colon cancer gets the ultimate surprise when the New York Yankees show up to clean her house. #HOPEWeek
"The lovely enforcer on her 91st," Jenna Bush Hager wrote.
"It made us feel really important. Some kids got cards about stuff that happened they thought nobody remembered, and it made them really happy."
Survey respondents said the color looked like "death."
Father's Day is just around the corner, folks!  (#SoundtrackofStyle was created with our sponsor JCPenney)
Congratulations, Bristol Palin and Dakota Meyer!
"As a member of this club, I thank my mother for showing me the way. I try to raise strong girls who understand that the luck of their birth holds great responsibility to make change."  Every time you like or share this post, Johnson & Johnson will donate $1 to global family health charities.  (Johnson & Johnson is a sponsor of TODAY.)
WATCH: This mom is walking 6,000 miles of British coastline in her daughter's memory. http://on.today.com/1ZByVAh
His biceps will give you whiplash!
"My teacher told me I was fast at drawing. So I decided to put that to the test."
Carrie Underwood planned to celebrate in a way we can all get behind: a low-key night at home with a glass of wine and "The Bachelorette."
"It was something I could do and it would somehow make life more bearable."
A paper clip is your best friend here!
WATCH: This video made us smile… then it made us tear up! http://on.today.com/1OespyX
Meet the girl one  America's Got Talent judge called a "living, beautiful, walking miracle."
Find extra cash fast with Jean Chatzky's tips!
Yes, Donald Duck has a birthday!
WATCH: "It was bittersweet but it was magical at the same time because it was like she was with me." http://on.today.com/24u9lyk
Bow-wow-wow yippe-yo — look out!
The Goo Goo Dolls rocked Studio 1A this morning!
"A home isn't just a place where you have a roof and four walls. It's a place of love and affection and caring and where you build these friendships that are everlasting."
Who had the best style on country music's big night?
Mind blown!
The best way to start a Thursday!
This tiny hugging bandit will steal your heart!
Who do you have there, Mark Ruffalo?
It's bad enough when you fall asleep on the job. It's worse when your boss catches you — and when your boss is billionaire Richard Branson.
Happy 55th birthday, Michael J. Fox! http://on.today.com/1U8LzFD
This technique might save you tons!
"Our bank account is empty, our sleep is non-existent and our house has been surrendered to the chaos. But what an amazing experience we have been chosen for."
Step 1: Get to the hospital ASAP.
Don't cry over a bad haircut!
Sarah Jessica Parker just revealed her hidden talent!
"I've never quite had the feeling that I had when that owl just nuzzled his neck against mine."
It's all about support.
Spoiler alert: There are still pink walls!
You get an incredible view in nearly every room!
Slimming down for summer, blah blah blah. We'll be hanging out by the dips instead.
Thousands of playlists were evaluated, and here were your top tunes!
"There's no one else I would rather be on this wild ride with."
"The more people talking about this, the more people will understand what rape is and what consent means."
"Once you get past the chaos, the constant chaos, there's so much love."
It's a "dad joke" come to life.
"I want to learn to love all of myself, not just the parts I've been told are 'acceptable.' Because the secret is, I was always enough. And you are too."
"Apparently people can't wrap their brain around kids playing modern-day cops and robbers."
Rock on!
WATCH: Rescued owl GiGi gives a big hug to the man who helped save her life. http://on.today.com/25MtmGr
"Nicholas just wanted to make him happy."
Khloe asked the questions in a rapid-fire quiz, and Kourtney named the names!
See the stars of 'Ghostbusters' glam it up in gorgeous magazine spread.
"Pregnant or not, when your job means that you are on television every day, folks definitely feel free to comment on what you're wearing. I may not always love that, but I get it."
WATCH: One woman is turning a traumatic night into an empowering experience. http://on.today.com/1RXfdZV
Tag your bestie in the comment section below!
You'll feel a lot better after reading this.
A lot has changed since the McGhee family posed for this viral photo six years ago!
Can you handle the cuteness? (We can't!)
Happy 91st birthday to one of our favorite ladies, Barbara Bush!
"I'm sad that you were so very wrong to say that a baby with Down syndrome would decrease our quality of life. And I'm heartbroken that you might have said that to a mommy even today."
Turns out Freddie Prinze Jr. knows his way around the kitchen!
Does Orange Is the New Black measure up to real life? Not for Martha Stewart.
See how stars from John Legend to Cher celebrated Hillary Clinton's glass ceiling-shattering moment!
Pizza, anyone?!
*Takes notes for Halloween*
"We are ALL made with imperfections and there is so much beauty in our flaws."
You will always be McSteamy to us, Eric Dane!
We're happy to see you too, Morgan Freeman!
Another parenting win for Chris Hemsworth!
Looking sharp, Al Roker!
These will be the wildest photos you see all day.
Five years ago today, we had one unforgettable send-off for our friend Meredith Vieira on her last day as a TODAY co-anchor.   (Photo credit: Reuters)
We ain't afraid of no ghosts! Ghostbusters hit theaters on this day 32 years ago. http://on.today.com/1K54omL
Bypass those long TSA lines!
How do you play off your pregnancy before you're ready to let the cat — or baby bump — out of the bag?
We're remembering Joan Rivers on what would have been her 83rd birthday. http://on.today.com/1K54omL
See how this couple used Facebook to get justice for their little boy.
Use the wrong type of cloth and you could scratch the glass! Here's what to know.
These "naked" cakes look beautiful and delicious!
#31 and #41 are pretty awesome.
"Now that I am in my 40s, I feel more confident knowing what I like and don't like and I am a much better mom, better wife and better friend. I enjoy where we are in our lives as opposed to chasing the next dream."
People are more enthusiastic about ideas they think are morally grounded.
Like mother, like daughter!
Do you get irritated when seated on flights next to kids? You should read this too.
Is that you, Cher Horowitz?
*cartoon eyes pop*
Sookie's back!
A simple knee injury caused a rare, excruciating pain disorder. After trying every treatment possible, Mary Fran Wiley had one more hope to move and be free.
WATCH: Take a look back at the Queen Elizabeth's royal relationship with her favorite dog breed!
Today would've been Prince's 58th birthday.
"My scar is like my battle wound; proof that I have overcome something bigger than myself."
The best of both worlds?
See why Kim Kardashian West can count Helen Mirren as a fan these days.
"The world opens up when they see mom and dad with clarity."
Happy birthday, Liam Neeson!
Next stop, Carpool Karaoke?
Little Vale is not too thrilled about Savannah Guthrie's big news (we're sure she'll come around).  How did your children react to the news that they were going to have a little brother or sister? Share your video and photos in the comments, and you may be featured on TODAY!
So…would you?
Savannah's not the only one who can keep a secret! Here are more of our favorite surprise pregnancy announcements.
How many Harry Potter puns does this anchor drop?!
There's only one person who isn't thrilled Savannah's pregnant: her daughter Vale! http://on.today.com/1Uwr6HJ
Now this is how you upgrade PB&J!
"I hugged Paula and she just squeezed me too tight. And all the happiness came out on her jacket."
In honor of the 25th anniversary of City Slickers, share your favorite quotes from the film with us!
Following the 60/60 rule might help.
We'd be happy to watch this for 525,600 minutes!
WATCH: "This was a very small way for us to pay tribute to a dog who truly has been a hero." http://on.today.com/1VJyeG8
Do the "Truffle Shuffle" because The Goonies premiered on this day in 1985!
"There have been some good things to come from getting cancer and he's definitely one of them."
We're remembering Prince today on what would have been his 58th birthday. #PrinceDay
This doesn't end the way you might think!
WATCH: These 72 million-year-old dinosaur tracks are incredibly well-preserved!
So is Prince Harry still single? (We're asking for a friend…)
"The thought of getting to add to our family now is beyond every hope, dream and prayer I have ever had."
ABBA together again?!  "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!"
WATCH: Savannah had big news to share this morning on TODAY! #CongratsSavannah http://on.today.com/1RW7Z8r
We have baby news at TODAY! #CongratsSavannah
Another member of the TODAY family is on its way! Savannah and Mike are expecting baby No. 2! http://on.today.com/1Uwr6HJ #CongratsSavannah
Did your flight take off without you? Here's what to do.
Iman shared the sweet flashback photo of herself with late husband David Bowie in honor of the couple's 24th wedding anniversary on Monday.
"Tricky people are the new strangers…tricky people ask kids for help. If a safe adult needs help, they'll ask another adult."
"Laughter is a wonderful thing for whatever is going on in your life."
Still BFFs!
Looks like Hugh M. Hefner just got a new roommate.
Just wait until you see Jennifer Lopez's kitchen!
"I looked in the mirror and cried and then she started to cry. I've always dreamed of wearing it…"
You go, Maisie Williams!
"This was a very small way for us to pay tribute to a dog who truly has been a hero."
For her positive attitude and ability to gracefully poke fun at her mistake, we give this queen two thumbs up!
When cancer took their friend, they wanted to keep her spirit alive.
WATCH: Is this lip color a game-changer? Or just a gimmick? Here's how it works! http://on.today.com/1UCUUp4
Adele gave an epic Spice Girls shoutout during her show — and the Spice Girls loved it!
Who is this imposter?!
Billy Dec is teaching us his ways!
We could watch tamales being made all day.
All we want to do is run around the kitchen singing songs from "Grease"!
"It was a good decision at the time," Liam Hemsworth said about splitting from Miley Cyrus in 2013.
We're remembering Muhammad Ali with these powerful words from the legendary boxer. #MindfulMondays
In case you wanted to pile on your Monday blues...
WATCH: Meet the man who went from a double lung transplant to running a race in just 6 months. http://on.today.com/1U2jRvr
"Matt Damon made it after all!" P!nk said.
Just another reason to prioritize your annual mammogram.
Smell like roses AND keep mosquitoes at bay? We're in.
"Mosquitoes? Like, whatever. I'm going. This is my shot."
The odds of identical quadruplets are 1 in 15 million!
Rebel Wilson nailed it!
Carrie, Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha graced our TV screens on Sex and the City for the first time 18 years ago today!
It's Annie's house!!
Taylor Swift = best wedding crasher ever.
Look who's up with us this morning: Scott Wolf!
Whether he was tangling with Tom Brokaw or speaking about getting older with Bryant Gumbel, Muhammad Ali was practically a member of the TODAY family.
One thing this girl knows for sure: Her dad is wrong when it comes to counting.
WATCH: Muhammad Ali was no stranger TODAY...We'll miss you, Champ. http://on.today.com/1UlXn4E
Cupcakes for breakfast? On Natalie Morales' birthday, anything goes!
Hear Miss USA's inspiring answer to a question about women in the military that may have clinched her victory.
Happy birthday, Natalie Morales!
We see you, Jesse Eisenberg!
"Who else would you want in your corner?"
We relish this little girl's decision!
"Knowing he's not suffering anymore is what gives me comfort," Laila Ali told Matt Lauer.
Bryant Gumbel and Bob Costas joined TODAY this morning to remember Muhammad Ali.
"Someone's weight or hair or skin does not have anything to do with their opinions or character."
Number 1: Walking is easy, convenient, and it is really effective.
Wait until you see inside!
Not losing weight? It's probably because of these bad habits.
The exterior was in great shape, but the rest of it needed some work!
"Forever the greatest, forever my hero."
He was born without arms and legs – and just conquered 26.2 miles.
"We will always be supportive of one another," Wilmer Valderrama and Demi Lovato wrote.
"With everything going on, God was always with me and him."
This is delicious!
Happy 45th birthday to this forever hunk, Mark Wahlberg!
Laila Ali and Hana Ali share touching tributes to their father Muhammad Ali.  "For 30 minutes... his heart just kept beating. No one had ever seen anything like it."
The final word on what you need to know.
"As the great philosopher Benjamin Affleck once said, 'Judge me by how good my good ideas are, not how bad my bad ideas are.'"
Do you agree?
"Your rubbish comments ain't ruining my happiness."
"I thought, OK, here's the job I was just praying about. I didn't take it immediately. But I did come to my senses and I went back, and I took the job."
#TheBoss reminded us how great it is to be "Born in the USA" when he released the album of the same name on this day in 1984...32 years ago!  Thanks for the music, Bruce Springsteen!  (Photo credit: AP)
Muhammad Ali passed away Friday at age 74. In this powerful 2013 clip, TODAY's Matt Lauer explains why the legendary boxer had such an extraordinary impact on his life.  Read more: http://on.today.com/1TTXmdK
The boxing legend is being mourned widely across social media, with emotional posts continuing to pour in.
We are sending our thoughts and prayers to Muhammad Ali's family. The legend will be missed.
Muhammad Ali died Friday, a family spokesman confirmed to NBC News. He was 74.
Muhammad Ali has passed away at age 74.
Pamper yourself!
Call the Paris Hilton of your friend group, stat.
This is not what we expected!
You want to give your kids a break from school, but not a break from learning.
Congratulations, Jesse and Ann!
Heart-shaped pee? Say it isn't so.  Thanks to all the parent who made Facebook funny this week.
"It would be an opportunity to make a real impact on people's lives on a global scale."
"I am going to shut my computer and go to sleep. And dream about our next camping trip. Or hiking adventure. Because I'm tired. Really, really tired. And I'm more interested in living each day with my children than dying with them."
"She's just this wonderful little pug. I don't know what her life was like before, but it's going to be much better moving forward."
WATCH: Fifth Harmony taught John Cena to "booty pop" and Carson Daly brought something Siriously Delicious to the studio. Check out this week's big moments with the #SliceOfOrange!
When mama's not home, daddy has to get creative! See how one dad's DIY solution soothed his baby AND gave him even more appreciation for her mother!
School is in session!
We can't decide who's cuter!
WATCH: When this girl received a doll with a prosthetic leg matching her own, she burst into happy tears — and so did we! http://on.today.com/1XVNQqa
Today marks the 24th anniversary of Bill Clinton's unforgettable sax rendition of "Heartbreak Hotel" on "The Arsenio Hall Show"!
The "after" pics are a blast from the past!
Hoda Kotb was one of the friends who broke the news to her!
Check out this dog's new "faux paw"!
Prince Harry's outfit was not up to snuff!
People are freaking out over this 3-month-old's fabulous hair — and we are too!
Here are some common pains you shouldn't ignore!
The number of times Adele said "Oh my God": 13!
Al Roker jumped in the kitchen this morning! Find his recipe for kabobs here: http://on.today.com/1Wzi1Ek.
Go Sailor!
WATCH: We love this sweet reunion between a sea otter pup and its mom! http://on.today.com/1Pr7qcu
Another parenting win for Chris Hemsworth!
Luke Bryan "shaked it" on the TODAY plaza for the Citibank US concert series!
Say cheese, Luke Bryan! #LukeBryanTODAY
One of the greatest days of all is today. Happy National Donut Day!
Here's what Calvin Harris had to say about his split from Taylor Swift.
"It's got a leg like me!"
Just try not to "aw" watching this!
"This is about swaddling them and giving them that comfort and safe, secure feeling."
"When you start to get rid of things that are clutter, you can systematically get rid of the negative energy that isn't useful to you. Like with your closet, you can do it with your mind..."
"She made me feel so comfortable and accepted, that's why I just wanted to cry, especially because of the way everyone else looked and smiled at what she was doing."
We can't stop eating this guacamole from @Aarti Sequeira. It's better than we ever imagined!
This deserving mom has been married for 20 years, and hadn't changed her hairstyle once in all that time.
Lea Michele called her island escape "heaven."
#6 and #7 will make weeknight dinners a breeze!
"I just hope I'm not bad at it. I know I am occasionally bad at it."
"I know firsthand how scary it can be to wear a swimsuit, so I really hoped that people of size could see a body like theirs rocking something sexy."
"The solutions to our issues don't depend on great SAT scores. They depend on problem solvers of good character."
"I'm like Hermione — very book-y, did well in school. Jared's kind of a Ron — more street-smart, and very personable and funny."
The cat had a certain air of confidence about it.
"I wanted to keep sitting there and making bow ties, but it wasn't bringing in the kind of income I needed to take care of myself. So I prayed. I got on my knees and said, I need some kind of additional income."
This guy REALLY 'Can't Stop the Feeling!'
Are you preparing for a big life milestone?  TODAY, working with our sponsor State Farm, could give you $25,000 to help you make the most out of life.   Enter and find rules here: http://on.today.com/1UfRRQY
*Slow clap*
You down for hosting a backyard pool party this summer, Adele?
Beauty standards change. Remember that.
"I wasn't allowed to pick him up and hold him. Instead, I was instructed how to place my hands on his small body using a firm touch."

Um...what?
"I see this as evidence of the genius inside all children."
Queen Elizabeth's coronation was 63 years ago today!
This mom embraced the nickname — on her own terms.
Today is a special day for fans of HBO's hit show The Wire!
Congrats to the happy family!
WATCH: When this boy called 911 to report his dad running a red light, the operator didn't let the dad off the hook without having a word! http://on.today.com/1XkJ5rG
What do you think: Anne Hathaway or Penelope Cruz?
Dark chocolate made the cut!
Fleur East's performance in Studio 1A this morning was unreal!
These uniforms aren't winning any gold medals with the public in China.
We loved having Jesse Tyler Ferguson stop by!
Good morning, Daniel Radcliffe!
We're impressed by this 6-year-old's diligence!
The man who already stole our hearts approximately 4,298 times has done it again.
"It's so important to so many people, I realize. And something I didn't have 25 years ago."
1. Walking is easy, convenient, and it is really effective. (YES!)
No, it doesn't taste fishy!
"I found who I was meant to be by having a child with special needs."
We're overdosing on salt, consuming 3,400 mg a day on average. Here's what the FDA is doing to help us cut way back.
Try this  sequence from Jennifer Aniston's yoga instructor!
Kristin Cavallari doesn't even come close to the treadmill.
Tempted to lie to your kids, whether about shots, the tooth fairy, or a relative's illness? Read this for some better ideas.
WATCH: Coffee in outer space: "just add hot water and shake!" http://on.today.com/1XhwvJH
"Would you be able to ask me how I'm doing?" Emilia Clarke asked her crush, referring to Joey Tribbiani's famous no-fail pickup line.
Ready for a plate of Mac & Screech?
"We roamed the neighborhood on foot, on roller skates and, by age 8, on gas-powered go-carts for many of us."
"Well sit back, relax, grab a drink, some popcorn...because I'm about to take you on a ride that could only be likened to a backwards 100 mph roller coaster that takes you through waterfalls of vomit, sh** and lots of tears."
Plant, water, enjoy!
"She said, 'I wanna be president.' I said, 'Well, honey, that's the only thing you can't be.' It was heartbreaking."
This is our childhood dream come true!
*Facepalm*
"He turned a really traumatic day into an amazing day he's never, ever going to forget."
"When I realized what he was doing, I said, 'Are you sure you want to go with your bald old mom?' He responded by telling me I'm going to be the most beautiful one in the room."
"I want to do something that could change the world as we know it and to always be remembered in history. I want to live off my research and books."
We've all been there.
"If a guy without arms and legs can do this — you can do it!"
The couple got their finger-snapping, shoulder-swaying groove on!
Good luck getting any of these songs out of your head!
Most of us know that the sun can be harmful to our skin. But some dermatologists say it's the daily exposure – not the occasional outing to the beach – that we should be most concerned about.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Olay
Did you pass the test?
Looking good, Jimmy Fallon and Julia Roberts!
WATCH: We're kind of jealous of these little ones who got to have some fun with adorable baby tigers!
"Now, it's just as much a part of me as my personality or the way that I laugh."
1. Bigger isn't always better.
This is the cutest thing we've seen all day!
Well done, sailor!
Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth worth really engaged? Here's what Billy Ray Cyrus had to say…
Summer = taco season!
"I don't want to cover up anymore. Not my face, not my mind, not my soul, not my thoughts, not my dreams, not my struggles, not my emotional growth. Nothing," Alicia Keys said.
Do you think this woman's shorts were too high to fly?
"This is a great opportunity for these kids to come together, to cry when they feel like crying, laugh when they feeling like laughing and just be in a safe place."
We kind of saw this coming…
No one pulls off a mullet like Billy Ray Cyrus!
Why is Megan Fox moving? Because her unborn baby told her to.
Thanks for coming by, John Leguizamo!
Happy 35th birthday, Amy Schumer!
Unsurprisingly, people are clamoring to take selfies with it.
We can now put a face to that naked body — thanks to one diligent reporter.
Why is Matt Lauer smiling? Because he gets to eat grilled pork tacos for breakfast!  Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1P4Z4BO
Prince Harry is a man of his word!
You have to see it to believe it!
We're always happy to see Carson Daly in the morning, but we especially love it when his wife Siriously Delicious sends treats with him!
Well this is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
If you're stranded at sea, how do you survive long enough for help to arrive?
Today would have been Marilyn Monroe's 90th birthday. Her star still shines after all these years!
"I can't see how it's harmful in any way to support my [son's play] and if that means him playing in a princess costume, that's fine by me."
Congratulations, Jena Malone!
Poison ivy is no fun, but that's not the only skin rash that's more common during the hot months.
Sometimes you get more out of your food by doing less.
The photos are heartbreaking. Here's how you can help refugee children.
Let's all agree to stop saying "I do" to these traditions.
This trick will guarantee a green one every single time!
You don't have to eat right when you wake up, but there are plenty of reasons why breakfast is good for you.
"On the internet these days, parent-shaming is almost a sport. People enjoy it way, way too much, and to be honest, it frightens me."
Is your child's name on the list?
"Quaden now proudly accepts that he's got dwarfism, because Buddy's given him that reason to think that it's cool."
"You are smart and you are pretty. It would take nothing from you to also be kind."
It doesn't have to be a struggle!
"There is such an extreme stigma about mental health issues, and I can't make heads or tails of why it exists."
For four years, the 32-year-old science teacher, who has cystic fibrosis, depended on oxygen 24/7.
"These were all (the queen's) ideas," said photographer Annie Leibovitz – including the portrait with her beloved corgis.
An elephant had even the Terminator himself a little scared after a close encounter on a safari.
Oh...BOY?! That's pretty much what this mom (who thought she was having a girl) was thinking.
If you or someone you love can't tolerate gluten, you may miss eating some of your fave snacks. Make these gluten-free Twix-style candy bars at home!
Prepare to turn to the bark side.
"I want them to understand that these voices matter and that there's not just one experience that people can learn from."
The coffee of the future?
"Each time I filled Arsema's bottle and sat in the rocker to feed her, I would think about Sarah and Evie. I would pray for Sarah's broken heart and thank God for the gift Sarah had so selflessly given me and my daughter."
We like what Salma Hayek Pinault has to say!
Is that thing real?!
WATCH: Adele calls out a fan mid concert for filming using a full tripod setup. http://on.today.com/1RJFzhO
What would you add to the list?
"It's been the best decision that I've made."
We've all been there, Amy Schumer!
Now's the time!
Next year, invite us?
Holiday weddings: yay or nay?
"This morning I lost my world…"
Happy 51st birthday to The Real Brooke Shields!
Are these pants or flippers?
Melissa McCarthy for president?
Happy 86th birthday, Clint Eastwood!
We adore you for this, Gina Rodriguez!
We're digging the pocket square, Carson Daly!
A visit from Maya Rudolph and Martin Short is the best way to kick off a Tuesday!
*awkward*
Congrats, Bethany Hamilton!
A penny for this guy's thoughts! (22,000 pennies, to be exact!)
You'll want to read this before hopping in a pool this summer.
Happy 40th birthday, Colin Farrell!
"Let the kids collect bugs, catch butterflies, fish, swim, and climb trees. Memories acquired = priceless."
Have you checked out your lawn mower's blades lately?
"For what it's worth, my husband seemed to like it, too."
We love the dining room!
How much would you pay for a purse?
Dry drowning can happen hours or days after swimming. Here's how to prevent it.
"This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy."
"He has always been so kind and selfless. He's a wonderful man and wonderful father. We are so proud of him."
Find out what you would be named today!
So happy to see our pal, John Cena - WWE Universe stop by TODAY this morning. Here are some inspirational words from the professional wrestler and television personality! #MindfulMondays
"I guess my Purple Heart plates gave it away. Thanks for lunch, wherever you are."
"I'm a challenger. I am ruffling a lot of feathers."
It's always great to have John Cena - WWE Universe in the house to help co-anchor the show!
A little rain wasn't going to stop the ladies of Fifth Harmony from rocking the plaza!
Fire up the grill this Memorial Day with this mouth-watering burger recipe.
What's your take?
This Memorial Day we're remembering the brave men and women who gave their lives to serve our great country.
You guys loved this story, and so did we. Meet the Marine and his adorable son who captured our hearts last week.
Joanna Gaines learned a valuable (and expensive) lesson with one home.
"As much as the doctor might tell you 'This is normal,' since people don't talk about it... it still feels abnormal because it's hidden away in private message boards and specific support groups, and not openly discussed."
Because balmy days turn into chilly nights.
Brandon Myers lived for music. But after his life was cut short, his parents were able to accept his degree in tribute to his hard work and passion: on.today.com/1UaHA8s
"I never wanted you here. I'm pretty sure you never planned on me being here. But God has plans that far exceed our own."  See why this letter still resonates today.
Their new dining room might not work for state dinners, but it will be lovely for family dinners!
Try this one simple trick for a glamorous glow!
Bobbie Thomas openly shared her IVF journey to have her son, Miles. Now, she's sharing advice and insight into her own struggle in the hopes that it may help others facing a similar situation.  "You're not a superhero, and the weight of the outcome you're after does not rest solely on your shoulders."
"It's something we're not going to lose ever again."
"I wanted to make running these marathons less about me and more about helping out a worthy cause."
After U.S. Air Force Master Sgt. Melvin Rector died on his first trip back to Britain since 1945, American and British military service members gathered to pay their respects to a veteran they never met.
"If you feel thirsty, you're already dehydrated,"
Every picture tells a story, especially the ones in the portrait gallery at the 500-year-old Althorp estate. More at 7/6c 'On Assignment'
Because bacon makes everything better
The real winner of this polo match? Prince Harry's photobomb!
"Every sentence that she talks about is 'OK mom, when I can walk again...' so she fully believes that she'll be able to walk again one day."
Think you've got sun poisoning? Here's what to do next.
WATCH: You'll want to stock up on washi tape after this. on.today.com/1ORLP7u
"The truth is, after a certain age, being on the receiving end of a compliment, or a warm smile, or an opened door, is more welcome than ever. It's one thing that never gets old."
Do you take showers? Then you'll want to pay attention to this! on.today.com/1TFcnLf
The right brush can change everything!
"With pictures, there's more than meets the eye, and that the pictures you see online are posed."
Sometimes it's a little twinge, but may need immediate attention.
"She loves to put a smile on peoples' faces."
So THAT'S how you're supposed to pronounce it!
Need some inspiration? One of these must-see places might be near you!
"He really, really wanted that degree. It's like what he lived for. It kept him going. He loved music. He loved going to school."
Putting sunscreen on kids doesn't have to be such a struggle.
"I long for those days of little toes, ones that fit neatly in the palm of my hand and required no socks or shoes, tucked in wonderful outfits with built-in feet."
You can leave these up through July 4!
"Through pulling myself together and shooting that wedding after such a devastating loss, I've learned that you can't let awful things close you off from what makes life worthwhile."
There's no reason not to refill the roll with this tip.
WATCH: These vets found friendship in Vietnam, but lost touch when they returned home. See the touching moment they reunited – 46 years later: on.today.com/1U396EW
We last saw Virginia McLaurin dancing with the Obamas in February. The 107-year-old is still spreading joy – this time at a Washington Nationals game. Keep dancing, Virginia! on.today.com/20SShjV
Remember the doggie poo bags and receiving blankets!
"Even though the kids might not have had him there all the time in their lives, they can still hear the stories about him and see how their dad made a difference in people's lives."
Get to know the newest member of the TODAY family, Stephanie Ruhle!
"I feel so productive creating a human person that I'm so excited to meet because I know that I have such a spiritual connection to them."
Can you figure it out?
Focus on what you CAN have, says Tastemaker Keri Glassman, Nutritious Life. It works!
Rodents of unusual size? They do exist, and they're loose in Toronto!
Oreo alert! Get the scoop on the new blueberry pie and fruity crisp Oreos.
"Our ideas about bodies are so warped that most people would praise the girl on the left and condemn the girl on the right, without realizing that we're one and the same."
This particular superbug gene can turn up in any bacteria and make it even more difficult to treat.
These humorous parents are all really excited about summer vacation starting!
We pedaled for a purpose, got passionate about post-its and found out which movies the anchors can quote from start to finish. Take a look behind-the-scenes with this week's #SliceOfOrange!
This is one uncanny resemblance.
These red flags can apply to men OR women.
If you shower, you'll want to read this.
"I live in pajamas and yoga pants. I only say yoga pants because I can't bring myself to leave the house in pajamas. I do have some standards."
Ryan Lochte has something to celebrate ahead of Rio – a new puppy!
"A lot of horrible, nasty things were said."
Here are the most popular ice cream flavors in every state!
We love what Steven Spielberg had to say to Harvard University's grads. http://on.today.com/1UaBrZU
"Everyone was very intrigued."
Ross can rap!
WATCH: We love this mom's reaction to being surprised by her son! http://on.today.com/1UaxNiB
Generations of cuteness in one photo!
Bunmi Laditan nails the heartbreak that is feeding a fussy toddler.
"We thought our neighbors would think we were crazy — but people love it!"
Take pulled pork to the next level, the Al Roker way!
You're better than that, Massachusetts!
You haven't aged a day, Hugh Jackman!
It was a blockbuster of a speech!
Dierks Bentley rocked the plaza this morning!
Forget Harry Potter and Frodo! Check out this image to see some real magic.
He went with the butt-out, tap-on-the-back approach.
Matt Lauer is ready for summer!
If you saw a child trapped in a hot car, would you know what to do?
We're kicking off Memorial Day weekend with some of our country's finest!
"My husband had an affair right after I gave birth to our daughter. And it was the best thing that ever happened to me."
Sometimes it's a little twinge, but may need immediate attention.
"It was a love/hate relationship."
"We decided that we wanted experiences rather than stuff. Every time we thought about buying a coffee, we calculated that for the same price we could stay in a nice hut on a Pacific beach."
"Loving our children is a continual process of letting them go, letting them move away from us so that they can live without us and become independent. I was not emotionally prepared for this when I had my kids."
What movies are you excited for this summer?
This shirt struck out with most fans.
As the doctors stroked Ollie and attempted to soothe him before the procedure, they discovered something just behind his ears.
Butterflies, horses and tents, oh my!
It was jaw-dropping!
Can we please talk about the kitchen's new banquette? Perfection!
"You just go to wedding after wedding, weekend after weekend."
She may not be able to walk (or crawl!), but this baby can already water ski!
Apparently, it's a ruff time to be a dog.
A song for everyone tired of cleaning up after messy kids. Can someone send this to Justin Bieber's mom? We think she'd like it.
He's a little spelling beest!
Watch the two "SNL" alums salute the troops with a hilarious duet, Garth Brooks style!
The Lion King fans have to see this!
Just like twins!
Make everyday a good hair day!
Pivot! Pivot!
"Got my one-month performance review for my new position as Father. Not good."
As if we couldn't love Adele more than we already do.
We didn't think Prince George could get any cuter!
Our thoughts are with Jennifer Aniston and her family.
WATCH: This 6-month-old was born to ride! http://on.today.com/1P0lQjm
The kitchen is our favorite room in the whole house!
"I'll do anything for these kids I met today."
Now everybody's REALLY working for the weekend!
The Voice winner stopped by TODAY to chat about her big win!
What do you think of the school's decision?
It's Red Nose Day — and TODAY is pedaling for a purpose! #RedNoseTODAY
Grab the tissues!
Hey ladies!
Are you expecting long wait times at the airport this summer?
Thanks, SoulCycle, for helping us out with the bikes!
"How is it that what was considered a size 4 is now the same dimensions of a size 10?"
Leave it to Hoda Kotb to look this happy working out!
Admit it, you get super excited for great sides!
Bustin' ghosts isn't the wackiest job the 'Ghostbusters' ladies have ever had!
Knock it off with the 'evaporated cane juice' labels, the FDA says.
"The great American road trip is officially back thanks to low gas prices."
"They have an incredible bond."
Spruce up your lamp – and your room – with these easy trick!
Rule #1: Don't be intimidated, you've got this!
Anne Hathaway and James Corden may be two of the nicest people in Hollywood, but put them in a rap battle against each other and the gloves come off!
"Somebody recently said to me that we all have our good angles and we all have our bad angles, so why do we let our bad angles carry so much more weight than our good angles?"
"(My children) are the greatest expression of the love that I shared for 29 years with the greatest man I've ever known, my husband, Frank."
"I'm going to pretend like this isn't happening."
WATCH: After a teen shared the news that he would miss his high school graduation after he was struck by a car, the police officers who rescued him gave him a special ceremony of his own. http://on.today.com/1saPYys
WATCH: This 7-year-old's spirit is inspiring thousands — including us! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
"It's my only talent, so I figured I'd try it at the talent show this year and then just walk off."
WATCH: Before leaving for his deployment, Marine dad gives 3-year-old son the best Halloween, Christmas and birthday ever! http://on.today.com/1sA8YX5
A word of advice, Candace Payne : Let the Wookiee win!
This lullabies are just for babies? Think again!
Age is an issue of mind over matter – if you don't mind, it doesn't matter!   (By TODAY with AARP)
"That was a hard time for us — a lonely time — but that baby left a permanent mark on us, and it didn't seem fair that it would get hidden away."
Not everything Joanna Gaines touches turns into shabby-chic gold.
ARE WE THERE YET?!   Read this before you pull out of the driveway.
You know how kids get a kick out of it when adults can't handle technology? Well, adults, this is for you...
Talk about a jarring wake-up call!
After seven years of infertility, this artist is now on bed rest in her last weeks of pregnancy… and she looks forward to showing her son what she made while waiting for him.
"I asked, can I be funny this year? No more tears, please."
WATCH: We love what Hoda Kotb has to say about this inspiring alum! See her words here: http://on.today.com/1WOlyP5.
"This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy."
"My doctors have told me I am physically unable to continue my run for Congress."
Happy National Wine Day! Who's celebrating?!
Forget Tinder! Try these tips.
Our hearts are melting!
Brad Pitt to the rescue!
WATCH: We would not want to wake up to this! http://on.today.com/1TEmguQ
A fun end to a sticky situation!
"Have faith, because with God, all things are possible…There's nothing you can't accomplish."
Sean Hayes had us cracking up this morning!
"You have little kids that accidentally get into this stuff. They don't know any better."
Hint: The winner made history for The Voice!
Make that pesky task a little less annoying.
We like your new look, Dylan! #RedNoseTODAY
Which is your favorite impression? We can't decide!
Is breakfast too soon for a visit to the Olive Garden?
There's some Post-it magic going on at Studio 1A this morning!
"We're still hoping we can change this for Jacob, but if we can't, at least we can help others."
Calling all social media mavens! TODAY is on the hunt for the next big YouTube, Vine and Instagram star.
See the powerful 60-second videos about suicide prevention and mental health awareness created by California high school and college students.
Fruits, veggies and even meat all have pairings that makes them even better!
Emma Stone is following in Taylor Swift's footsteps.
It's a myth! Stylish trends don't have an age limit.
Don't let that produce die a slow death in the crisper drawer!
One week left! Parents, join the TODAY Parenting Team in May for the chance to win our ultimate photo giveaway, worth $2,000.
We're all about the smash burger to kick off summer!
"You just actually turned the color of your hair," Jimmy Kimmel teased P!nk.
"But regarding the judgmental mothers, I just don't get how they can't support fellow moms."
Can she be our best friend?
Here's what happened when Simon the Border collie met Sammie the boxer, the newest addition to their shelter.
Anyone see the resemblance to Mr. Burns from The Simpsons?
Anne Hathway, who welcomed son Jonathan eight weeks ago, revealed going to the gym is nothing like it used to be.
"We know how isolating this disease is. We know how families really need to uproot … Brandon gave voice to that. Their story was every child's story."
"Nothing in the house is safe."
What does 50 mean to you? We want to see how you're redefining middle age, TODAY viewers!  Upload a photo in the comment – show us how you or someone you love is rocking their 50s. We might use it on air!  (#DisruptAging is created by our sponsor AARP.)
"When cellulite spots scars moles even freckles are retouched it makes you believe that they are imperfections and you should not have them."
"I have a piece of my heart in each of my kids, and I don't feel right unless they are all close to me."
Congratulations, Tara Lipinski!
Celebrating 75 years of Curious George!
WATCH: A backbend left this 6-year-old paralyzed – but now she's fighting back.
Here's how to actually pronounce IKEA!
"Never forget your roots, and always be proud of where you came from."
Bueller? ... Bueller?
Give your summer cookout some Southern flair!
The duet, which Blake Shelton co-wrote with Gwen Stefani, had some listeners puzzled at first.
The first time Prince Harry visited the Walt Disney World ride was with his mom in 1993.
Be honest, Russell!
Say "ruff!"
Congratulations, Ashley and J.P.!
Thelma & Louise came out 25 years ago today — and Kathie Lee and Hoda had to celebrate!
This might rival The Bachelorette!
Happy 75th birthday, Bob Dylan!
WATCH: We're glad this baby deer is in safe hands!
We have a feeling students will not be cutting this class!
The barista knew an Oscar-winner was ordering, but which one?
Cue the "Final Countdown"...Will Arnett is here!
Tip #3: Consider traveling alone.
Nice shades!
Her sister tried to step in – but it was too little, too late.
Bernie Sanders is clarifying comments he made earlier in an interview with the AP.
Does this change your opinion of the "Cry It Out" method?
What do you get a teacher who has excused your tardiness not once, not twice, but every single day of the year?
Which side has less calories: Potato salad or baked beans?
Salma Hayek Pinault's kitchen was not what we were expecting from a movie star.
Who's on board with this mom?
"I'm busy not volunteering at school. Not reading enough books to her. Not not not. ... But maybe there is hope. Maybe it's not so bad. Maybe there is always tomorrow."
"Unfortunately, in today's landscape of instant outrage, nothing is harmless anymore."
Are you ready to rock your swimsuit with confidence?
See Ariel Winter turn up the glam in her senior prom photos!
Costco's more than bulk pretzels!
Do kids need a separate sunscreen? Everything you need to know.
Women of the world: 1; these guys: 0.
The entire room joined in!
WATCH: This homemade version of Pop-Tarts is gluten-free, natural and so easy! http://on.today.com/1WdK1NV
"I hope she can see them later and realize how much I love her with all my heart."
3D printing now lets us design our own candy! cc: Dylan's Candy Bar  Read more: http://on.today.com/1OJuqh8
WATCH: Jacob Tumalan, who has autism, once seemed to lose his verbal skills. But thanks to a collection of books and dogs at his local shelter, he's now thriving.
Welcome to the world (and social media), Boomer!
You might think you know what 'old' looks like – but do you really?   By AARP
Your personality eating style may be leading to those extra pounds.
We're still blown away by Celine Dion's performance at last night's Billboard Music Awards. Here's some inspiration from the powerhouse singer herself. #MindfulMondays
The sparks kept flying long after the couple stepped off the stage.
Parents, what do you think of the "Cry It Out" method… and what worked for you?
WATCH: We can't stop smiling at all these adorable sloths! http://on.today.com/22m7cp6
"50 is an eye-opening age. It's a time to reflect and figure out what you want to do next — it's not the time to slow down."
You can make AMAZING fries at home — using ingredients you can pronounce.
BREAKING NEWS.
Who's hungry?!   Scott Conant whipped up a flavorful steak this morning! Get his recipe here: http://on.today.com/1U75HF1.
WATCH: This high school senior did something on graduation day his classmates had never seen before. http://bit.ly/1Tuqt1N
Oh my sloth!
Chug that...sugar??
Always remember these wise words from Ferris Bueller's Day Off:  "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it."
We cannot wait to see Beauty and the Beast!
Here's how to avoid an explosion at your next cookout.
The former VP talks presidential candidates in a TODAY exclusive.
Who wants a ride?!
With her son at her side, Celine Dion declared "the show must go on."
Congratulations, Micah!
WATCH: "The way I see it, she used to watch over me and take care of me, and now it's my turn to do that for her." http://on.today.com/1W39edD
"There's more to policing than making arrests and enforcing the law. Sometimes taking those extra little steps makes the biggest difference in someone's life."
Do you want to live to 100? Follow these tips.
"It could not have been a more perfect day."
Kissing isn't just about chemistry.
Would you rather listen to one song or eat one meal for the rest of your life? Watch Sean "Diddy" Combs, French Montana and Mase debate.
OK, so Victoria's Secret angels aren't typical moms-to-be.
See the video that garnered more than 1 million views, and some impassioned responses.
WATCH: This little boy is battling aggressive cancer, and nothing makes him happier than spending time with his firefighter friends: on.today.com/250nBBb
Here's what professionals really use.
Summer is almost here!
"Let's be honest, getting five minutes to style your hair as a mom is a major accomplishment."
WATCH: The mom wearing a Chewbacca mask is still one of the best things we've seen all week! See more of Willie Geist's highs and lows of the week: on.today.com/1ORKhjd #SundayTODAY
The home cost a whopping $11,400 to build!
Willie Geist is live! Share your questions about #SundayTODAY and his interview with Dierks Bentley below!
What's the best hue for you?
There's not much you can do to speed up the process.
There is a place in South Korea where you can get your dog cloned. Would you? Should you? Watch the full story Sunday at 7/6c during 'On Assignment' on NBC.
Calling all social media mavens!
Perfect your at-home mani.
It's almost too good to be true. Almost.
Meow, that's a purr-fect wedding!
This 9-year-old girl might only have 15 months left to live.
Yes, you need to clean #13!
Welcome to the family, Stephanie Ruhle! Meet our new Weekend TODAY co-anchor.
Nostalgia alert!
These ... pants ... have to ... fit ... until summer!
This recall includes over 400 products. Do you have any?
"They wave this weird thing over the top of it and there's a whole production going on. They take it very seriously that it could be something."
A little inspiration before weekend grocery shopping.
When this mom kept a scheduled day off to be with her daughter, her boss praised her for her decision and told her she was an inspiration. Would yours do the same?
"I will continue to live unapologetically, to thrive in this body, prove the naysayers wrong & laugh at the ignorance."
"I felt humiliated and discriminated against due to my figure."
While many moms and dads believe it's harmless to let their little ones taste booze, here's what one expert had to say.
"When they're all out there, suddenly the disability completely goes away."
"It was hard to look my kids in the eye. I couldn't tell them to work hard and they'd be successful … because I did that, and I lost."
"She'll just say it around the house, and we're like, 'Wha?!'"
"The ticket didn't have an expiration date so I was ready to argue my way in, but they were so nice about it."
"It's a younger, sweeter, better version of me."
WATCH: Dylan faces her celebrity crush and the anchors share their favorite jokes. Catch up on all of the action in this week's #SliceOfOrange!
"I used to feel guilty when I didn't bring up all three of my children, but I finally realized that my children love me both here on earth and from heaven. It doesn't mean that I'm a bad parent if I choose a quick and simple answer."
"We create life...so let's honor how we make these miracles."
Do you live in an Olivia state, or an Emma state? Read up on the trends, and then mouse over the map to see which names are popular where.
"Ta da" she said after looking in the mirror after her Ambush Makeover. http://on.today.com/25dTkCo
"She's going to get a taste of college life. The doors that this is going open, I can't even begin to imagine."
Here's what Mariah Carey had to say about rumors of a beef with Jennifer Lopez.
Tex was born premature, weighing 1 pound, 3 ounces. Beverly Adams calls her grandson "my miracle gift from God."
Cher never goes out of style.
We can't stop smiling!
WATCH: Zia Victoria is only 11 years old and her vocal talent it out of this world! http://on.today.com/1TLtxWY
This little boy is battling aggressive cancer, and nothing makes him happier than spending time with his firefighter friends.
"I have trouble leaving anything just white."
"If seeing the picture on the left is ok with you, then seeing the picture on the right should be ok with you."
This is the next best thing to dancing at Ellen DeGeneres' show!
The iconic journalist tries to hide under a cap and sunglasses, but there's one thing he can't disguise.
"Today at school my crush Riley was chasing other girls on the playground! I thought he liked me. And guess who he was chasing! Jessica! … I think I will tell Riley her secret."
Their 15-year-old daughter died during a lazy day at the lake.
WATCH: Love Chip and Joanna Gaines' home? You can see even more pics of it here: http://on.today.com/1sGuCti.
"We are limping...across the finish line, folks. I tapped out somewhere in April and at this point, it is a miracle my kids are still even going to school. I haven't checked homework folders in three weeks, because, well, I just can't. Cannot. CAN. NOT."
Is it time to throw out a few of your favorite flops? Probably.
As if we weren't already excited about the Gilmore Girls reunion!
Happy 70th birthday, Cher!
Aw, we love this pic, Lea Michele!
Think makeup is too much effort for a day at the office? Think again.
No. 6: You can call him Dr. Diddy.
Paul McCartney may have found his new John!
Hoda Kotb couldn't help but jump in with Diddy!
Diddy kicked off the Citi Concert Series with one of the most epic TODAY performances ever! #PuffDaddyTODAY
Kanye West left Ellen DeGeneres (and us!) speechless.
Diddy is here! #PuffDaddyTODAY
We're dizzy just watching this!
Gwen Stefani's son certainly isn't shy on stage!
"She looked at the image for a second with a 'How did he get there?' expression, then shouted, 'Yeah, that's my Zasby!'"
"I cannot commit to root control every four-to-five weeks."
This cat is totally mesmerizing.
Take it from the experts.
Get a glimpse of Harry Styles' new 'do!
Our favorite: the closet turned into a bar!
Dax Shepard had a snippy solution to this problem.
Looking good, Zac Efron and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson!
Hello, it's… Snow White?
The strongman who plays the fearsome Mountain proves that friends come in all shapes and sizes!
"When you give up faith, you've lost the battle. But Chris never gave up faith. I've been in combat, but Chris fought the worst battle ever."
"I was disgusted with myself for what I put up with," Andi Dorfman said.
One thing gave him motivation as he struggled to recover: the goal of attending senior prom. When school rules barred him from going, he was heartbroken. But when his community heard about what happened, they decided the story wouldn't end that way…
WATCH: No one loves BBQ as much as this dog!
This little boy is battling aggressive cancer, and nothing makes him happier than spending time with his firefighter friends.
The first level of the Tour Eiffel all to yourself?! We're in!
She could not contain her excitement!
Every room is perfection, Joanna Gaines!
Congratulations, Melissa Rycroft!
Let's stop using the F word.
Scientists studied 350 women, and the younger-looking ones had 1 thing in common.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Olay
"Still beautiful as ever!"
John Legend came to his wife's defense on TODAY, and we love what he had to say.
"It's a lot of fun. I've gotta be honest about that," Blake Shelton said about his relationship with Gwen Stefani.
"For the record, doctors have told me bub is healthy."
Good morning, Josh Gad!
WATCH: Natalie's making dinner tonight!  Get her chicken parm recipe here: http://on.today.com/1YF7wNs
What do you think about Blake Lively's comments?
WATCH: Find out why Blake Shelton thinks his relationship with Gwen Stefani is "a little weird."
Our "Friend" David Schwimmer is here this morning!
Congratulations, Alexis Bledel, on your baby — and on keeping things private!
The truth is…
We're remembering former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, who passed away 22 years ago today.
"It's difficult to know at what point you call it a cure. For the patient though, it means they are cancer-free and for some of those patients, it is likely that their cancer never will come back."
BREAKING: An EGYPTAIR flight crashed while en route from Paris to Cairo on Thursday, the French president confirmed.
Joy Bauer shows us how to make a milkshake we can feel good about!
The resemblance is uncanny!
"Today, my son is 5 years old and I love seeing that he goes to the fridge and fills up his own cup of water. Sometimes when asked when visiting friends, he prefers water to juice which I am thrilled about."
Chrissy Teigen is happy as can be adjusting to life as a new mom, but there's one thing she didn't expect.
It's one of Joy Bauer's favorite snack foods. The trick is preparing it just right.
The photos are stunning!
"My mom has always been healthy, but she's not a health nut. I'm the same way."
That wallpaper!
After years of infertility and heartbreak, the California couple came knocking with a surprise.
Sadly, a meat bar is not a really delicious place to hang out.
What would you add to this list?
This woman is on a mission to grow her hair down to her toes.
Send them off to the "real world" in style.
We'd beg to differ on Seth Rogan's take on cookouts. What about you?
"Finn likes watching the bunnies and sometimes tries to reach for them. It's sweet just watching him taking it all in."
When do you start feeling old?
Strategy #1: Know your purpose.
Um...
Seriously, we're not just saying it: The song is actually catchy.
The 'barf heard round the world' was bad, but this dad got a little carried away when making it humorous for his wife.
While the photographer distracted her, her boyfriend pulled out the ring.
Wait till you see the new version!
WATCH: 10-week-old shares un-bunny-lievable bond with rabbits.
"The way I see it, she used to watch over and take care of me, and now it's my turn to do that for her."
"I finished because you needed to see me do it. I'm not strong because I want to be, I'm strong because I'm your first example."
"Your priority becomes your children, and that's something for every woman that becomes a mother. It's all a change for the better. Life is so good with the kids."
"She came in, took my son, calmly swaddled him, and somehow got him to fall asleep in his crib. She opened wine and passed me the nipple cream. She sat there while I cried until the crying turned into laughter."
It may look like a simple brick wall. But wait, there's more.
"Lily is a very sweet, very clever girl. She is always doing witty things like this to make us laugh — and to try to pull a fast one on us!"
Two words: Daddy makeovers.
Throw it back! Throw it back!
WATCH: This 100-year-old retired teacher just set a new record! http://on.today.com/1W2me37
When Fiona Fudge hoofed it into their classroom, the students instantly felt a connection.
The biggest shocker: The parents say the tight quarters have actually been GOOD for their relationship!
"They were 'dancin' and singin' and movin' to groove' just to show these mamas how much they appreciate them. And that's the greatest love of all!"
WATCH: Scientists have a new, inventive way of studying pregnant sharks!
Sign up now!
"You're very attractive," Dylan told Zac Efron this morning.  What can we say? She's an honest woman!
Miley Cyrus and Jimmy Fallon can add a new title to their resumes: expert face-makers.
It was a rare display of emotion for the stoic queen.
WATCH: Dylan got a major surprise (and two hugs!) from Zac Efron in our Facebook Live Booth this morning! http://on.today.com/1OIpVJ0
Our pregnancy bodies look a tiny bit different…
Congrats, Ella Mae!
WATCH: Don't underestimate Costco's romance potential. http://on.today.com/27wipHx
The six-time gold medalist isn't worried about bugs ruining his Olympic run into the history books.
Corinne Bailey Rae sounded amazing this morning!
Who ya gonna call? Al Roker!  Watch the new Ghostbusters trailer now!
Happy birthday, Tina Fey!
Lasagna for breakfast, anyone? http://on.today.com/1TfrOyH
Welcome to the TODAY family, Billy Bush!
Zac Efron and Seth Rogen had us cracking up this morning!
What a difference a few months can make!
Are apps the answer to your never-ending to-do list?
Parents, what do you think?
Not a bad selection!
You never know what's going to happen when Dylan Dreyer's in our Facebook Live Booth!   Ask her your questions and she may answer yours live!
Here's why we should limit our servings each week.
Relationship advice that never gets old: Is he ready to propose?
The video features Justin Timberlake dancing around a supermarket (yes, there are trips down aisles in a shopping cart).
We'd go for the pool!
Blake Lively is giving Cinderella a run for her money.
Seeing this on labels? Here's what you need to know.
"She is in good hands. She will have more friends to hang out with, more grass, better pasture choices and shelter from the ice storms here."
"When we started getting older, my dad stopped going to church, but he still read the Bible every single day. Sundays then became about his bringing church and religion into our home."
"It had nothing to do with the badge. It had to do with being a human being."
John Legend carries baby Luna close to his heart in a new family photo.
"Kids, you don't need to know what a modal verb or subordinating conjunctive is to get where you want in life. You need ideas and passion."
As one commenter points out, he "even came out (of) the womb flexing his biceps."
WATCH: After struggling with infertility, Style Editor @Bobbie Thomas became a mom… and everything changed. "I do not care what I look like anymore, because it's all about him."   Learn more: http://on.today.com/1qGhjrl
First Declan was throwing up, then it was Dad — then came the Breathalyzer.
Dinner has never been cuter.
"It looked like one of those dresses little girls picture a princess wearing."
Happy birthday, Bob Saget!
Duh, Mom. Even 5-year-old Maia knows the difference between lipstick and lip gloss.
WATCH: This rescue dog lived up to the name when he saved a 7-year-old from a rattlesnake. http://bit.ly/1ssuUnD
We've all been there. Chin up, little boy!

"For the press to do a story that I was deliberately lying or whatever — no. I was just being a lady and not telling my age when I moved to America and that's not really a crime."
"I thought I could avoid it by removing the buns from my cheeseburgers."
We love the new look, Lea Michele!
"I made a list of poses and pictures in the aisles. We went down the checklist of what we thought would be funniest and almost got to all of them before the store closed."
Happy anniversary to one of our favorite fictional couples! Monica  and Chandler got married 15 years ago today on FRIENDS (TV Show).
Life changes in ways both big and small.   By our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby
Shiplap is SO season 3.   See what Joanna Gaines is excited about now!
Welcome to the TODAY family Billy Bush!
WATCH: Rabbi G is helping kids fight cancer – one kick at a time.   Learn more about Rabbi G's nonprofit here: http://on.today.com/1V7zumf
"I wanted to let people know, 'Hey, I did one cycle, and look at all of this. Can you imagine what so many women go through cycle after cycle after cycle of this?'"
WATCH: We can't wait to see what this 17-year-old does next!   Find out more about her here: http://on.today.com/1NwHnzK.
If you're buying "natural," you may get burned.
"I really, really want to prove to my kids their mother is strong," Celine Dion said.
Is that you, Simon Cowell?
Double congrats are in order!
"No matter what we face in our lives, we can respond with greatness. And that's an incredible power."
The backseat of James Corden's car turned into the hot seat for Nick Jonas.
Who knew steak and eggs were the secret to longevity?!
Would you have agreed to do this?
Jaden's scar makes him feel self-conscious sometimes, but it also makes him want to spread his message: "This is what happens when you don't wear a helmet."
Looking sharp, Al!
"I was seven months pregnant in these photos and loved every moment."
We always forget about #2
You don't have to stop enjoying food to eat clean.
"Lack of time is a big reason people say they don't exercise consistently."
Top that!
The outfit options are endless!
You know the one.
Another example of why you should always listen to your mother.
A large new study confirms that exercising cuts risk for 13 types of cancer.
"There is such a long history of women just putting up with stuff, and not being taken seriously when they make complaints about things like heels, or skirts or makeup."
"What keeps me going is how he still flicks his tail every time he sees me come in to his kennel, even though I know he's hurting."
"I wanted to scream to the world that we were pregnant, and this video was my way of doing that."
"I respectfully ask that you let my kids be kids."
"I want Tish — and all girls — to see themselves as activists instead of victims, and as shapers of culture instead of products of it."
WATCH: We can't believe how young Tom Cruise looks in this 1986 TODAY interview for "Top Gun," which turns 30 this year!
Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin may have gone their separate ways, but they're still up for fun outings with their kids.
Hoda Kotb shared some meaningful words of advice with Tulane University graduates Saturday. #MindfulMondays
Should you pay a flat tipping rate or a percentage? Here's what to know.
Making friends can be a challenge – and it gets even harder as we age.   Have you made new friends in midlife? Or have you struggled to find a new clique? Share your thoughts about making friends as you get older in the comment section below and you could be featured in a TODAY post!
Amen!
Find out who was considered for Tom Cruise's role in Top Gun!
WATCH: At Tulane University's graduation, Hoda Kotb shared one of the best lessons she's ever learned... and it came from a stranger.  Watch her full speech here: http://on.today.com/1ZXMude.
Christina Aguilera is every woman. It's all in her.
These pandas can't "leaf" this basket alone!
We're all smiles when it comes to this chocolate chip cookie brittle!  Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/2564kSh
Matthew McConaughey is more than just an "alright, alright, alright" kind of guy.
Jennifer Nettles sounded amazing this morning!
We've never seen the royals do this before!
WATCH: This little girl is defying the odds with every step.
Ready for baby no. 2? The former Saturday Night Live star told TODAY why he's excited for his son to be a big brother
Now THIS is how we battle a case of the Mondays.
We'll do anything to make mornings less frantic!
Remembering Jim Henson, who died on this day in 1990.
This is awesome.
It's bound to be a good Monday: Jason Sudeikis is here!
Do you think the news station handled this the right way?
What looks like unprovoked violence may not be, even when caught on camera.
Here's what you need to know about this common skin condition.
Celebrity favorites, drugstore prices.
Curious what Seinfeld's apartment cost? We have that answer, too.
One thing you might learn about Hoda Kotb in the powerful speech: She got rejected by 27 news directors while trying to find a job after college.
What does it mean to be middle-aged?  We'll be exploring that in an upcoming series. But first, we want to know what YOU think.
"My point wasn't about the sizes. It's about the disparity in sizing between men and women."
Here are four companies to know about, if so.
"From day one, during all her struggles, she has remained steadfast that she doesn't want to focus on the negative in life."
How do you stay healthy on a budget?
Grab the tissues!
We would never think of #2 on our own... but we're definitely going to try it!
We were scared of this thing as kids, but it will seriously revolutionize and speed up your cooking!
This little baby bison showed this wolf who's the boss!
Look as confident as you feel!
In the powerful, emotional speech, Sheryl Sandberg opened up about the "sudden and unexpected" death of her husband.
"It was kind of like having a child that you had to take care of who just had really sharp teeth."
Willie Geist discusses Hillary Clinton's assertion that if elected, she will declassify government files about alien life. Share your thoughts below!
What better way to start off your week than with some great music?
Willie Geist is live sharing behind-the-scenes details about his story on The Onion. Share your questions here! #SundayTODAY
We'll take seconds… and thirds!
Which graduation speech was your favorite?
We asked industry insiders to share their personal faves.
YUMMMM!!!
"If you survive anything in your life, who cares what it is, if you're still standing, you get four words: 'You can't scare me,'" Hoda Kotb said.
These dye jobs look more chic than crazy!
Matt Lauer has interviewed Michael Phelps many times over the years, but something was a little different when he sat down with the decorated Olympian recently.   The full story Sunday at 7/6c on NBC's limited series 'On Assignment.'
He was on vacation with his family when a dermatologist told him to get a mole checked out. Now he's trying to find her to thank her.
*Groans*
"Mommy can fix this..."
Myth #1: Something will smell "clean" when it is clean.
Here's what nail salon staff wants you to know.
All you need is two dumbbells and 10 minutes
We couldn't be happier for this family!
"In healthy children, there is no evidence supporting the benefits of a gluten-free diet."
As if we didn't love Meghan Trainor enough before!
"Our due dates are so close, our pregnant tummies look exactly the same."
Bethenny Frankel and Eric Stonestreet opened up about those romance rumors.
Something tells us this isn't going to work out…
It's the end of an era at Disneyland!
WATCH: Check out some of the bloopers from our "100 Years of National Parks" series this week, which prove you really need to expect the unexpected on vacation … especially when tents are involved.
WATCH: We took a peek inside Hoda's make-up bag and learned the secret to telling the Property Brothers apart. Catch up on this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange.
Can you ever really be JUST friends?
"To see dad and how happy he was, I realized what I'm doing means a lot to him, and I realized how good and pure that was."
"His dad's loss has been tough on him and he works so hard at the restaurant because it's his link to his dad."
Guess what process these 3 photos describe? (And, yes, it often involves a M-E-L-T-D-O-W-N!)
You look gorgeous either way, Gwen Stefani!
Hello, nightmare.
Mango gives this cocktail a tropical twist! #HappyHour  Get the recipe here: http://on.today.com/27krz9O
"Rather than stay stuck due to unhealthy coping mechanisms I have chosen to take time to reflect holistically on my health and life."
"The fact that we got a shot with them all sleeping at the same time in one bowl is a flat-out miracle."
Go, "Rally Cat," go!
To see what the boy and his puppy have in common, watch… and prepare for happy tears.
How many sit ups can YOU do?
"I learned I didn't have to process emotion. I could keep myself numb if I was on substances."
"It made me find happiness again…I owe her more than words will ever be able to explain."
The last one might make laundry a pleasant experience. Well, almost.
Gah! It makes you feel like you're actually on the coaster!
We were happy to see tip #3!
We can't get over this little one!
Are you guilty of these skin care sins?  Ageless Beauty was created with our sponsor Olay
Remember this pic the next time you think about leaving a skimpy tip!
After a study found several contestants from The Biggest Loser have gained the weight back, Bob Harper came by to explain why that can happen.
Which fast foods look as good in real life as they do on TV – and which are "sad"?
Watch it, Matt Lauer!
"After Sandy Hook, everyone thought this was a watershed moment, (and) something would be done,'' Katie Couric told TODAY.
Here's a holiday we can't help but celebrate!
Julia Roberts has witnessed a lot over her time in Hollywood — including George Clooney's dancing.
Meghan Trainor's in the house!
"The only way I had to thank them was by giving them a medal and hopefully that means enough."
Who do you think she looks like? Ryan, Eva…or Ellen DeGeneres?
"It's business," Sharon Osbourne said of the appearance.
Check out which artists will be performing live this summer on TODAY!
"The Biggest Loser" host Bob Harper is in our Facebook Live Booth. What exercise and weight loss questions do you have for the fitness expert? Ask now and he may answer yours.
No tips meant big problems for this restaurant.
Look who's in our Orange Room this morning: The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper!
Penguins had a new reason to march after hearing this singer's voice!
Celine Dion, Blake Shelton and more of your favorite artists are headed to TODAY!   See who's coming to the plaza this summer for the Citi Concert Series! http://on.today.com/1TBYUTK
"It doesn't sound like my voice at all," Donald J. Trump said.
Looking sharp, Matt Lauer and Al!
Now all they need is for mom to join in the fun!
(Prince) charmed, we're sure!
Let those toes fly free!
"Something as simple as a suit can turn someone's life around."
#11 is such a sweet idea!
We've all made those pre-kid pledges ... but they don't always hold up!
Apparently this cat doesn't need 9 lives!
Find out when you can buy them!
After creating a dance video and having Timberlake share it on Twitter, this mom said: "When I saw JT tweeted it, there were lots of expletives of joy."
Congratulations, Mr. and Mrs. Stowe!
"In that moment, I decided to love again – completely."
Keith Urban's serenade wasn't necessarily romantic, but it was a lot of fun.
These cheerful furry pals love their homemade amusement park!
"Some kids came up to me saying they feel like they can do anything now. They may not realize, but I've known that all along."
Work-at-home parents, this one's for you. Courtesy of Bon Jovi and The Holderness Family.
"I am difficult to buy for, because I can sort of buy what [I] want, and because I'm sort of picky about things."
These are ALMOST too pretty to eat…
"No, (I wasn't mad). I was laughing."
WATCH: Couple gets married live on TODAY — 6 years after they met on the plaza! http://on.today.com/1ZJYQFU
"To anyone that runs into obstacles, just persevere," the newly-minted grad said. "If it's important, don't give up."
Why this mom loves the photo she took of her husband and son: it shows that "it is okay to get naked with your son and nurture him ... the important thing is really taking care of your kiddos."
"Vincent, I love you to the moon and back," his mom wrote. "You are the most selfless 7-year-old I have ever known."
Minutes before walking down the aisle in Studio 1A, she got all glammed up!
Looking good, Carrie Underwood and George Clooney!
It's super cute – and potentially lifesaving!
WATCH: See this adorable toddler try to outcrawl a stampede of pug puppies! http://on.today.com/1XjMlSN
No offense Meghan Trainor, but moms are the best at saying "no." Just watch…
Visit Harry Potter's childhood home before it magically disappears!
Chip and Joanna Gaines just gave us another reason to visit Waco!
"It's been living in you for 9 months. And all of a sudden it's in your hands and on your tummy and at your breast and in your crib, and it's growing before your eyes and you go, 'What did I ever think was a miracle before this?'"
It's a nice day for a TODAY wedding!
"Violet's birth is a testament to our belief that love is stronger than hate."
We'd leave those vases out all year long!
"I'm fitting in something that tells a woman she's an extra-large and that's ridiculous."
No, we're not crying. You're crying.
We love what Justin Timberlake has to say about fatherhood.
No anchors were hurt while riding the tandem bikes, right Sheinelle Jones and Dylan? #FindYourPark #NationalParksTODAY
Confession: We weren't cleaning it enough.  Are you?
"I believe my sister. This was always true as a brother who trusted her, and, even at 5 years old, was troubled by our father's strange behavior around her," Ronan Farrow wrote.
It's a party on TODAY's Take this morning!
Yessss, John Legend.
Most parents kiss child-free weekends goodbye when growing their family…but not these two.
The former vice president also revealed why he thinks Donald J. Trump is more qualified than Hillary Clinton.
Jeff Rossen crashed a shopping cart into his own SUV to see if Fix It Pro can really fix scratches like it does in the ads.
Concerned about reports that some "first foods" can be choking hazards?   Here are safe and tasty recommendations from a pediatrician and mom of 3!
Actor Scott Patterson (aka Luke Danes) assured fans that the Gilmore Girls revival hasn't "lost any of its original charm."
Cover-ups, swimsuits, leggings and more!
What all the diseases have in common is underlying systemic inflammation.
All blonds are not created equal!
"You're trying to save your child's life. You shouldn't have to worry about where you're going to get your food or if you're going to lose your house."
"It's so shameful and hard to actually go through that, even privately."
This golfer just scored the ultimate "birdie"!
WATCH: Parents donate $130,000 to kids with cancer to honor daughter Kylie, who passed away at the age of 2. http://on.today.com/1seCdPE
"The love and respect I have for this man is boundless."
"I think God accepts me for me."
"We're trying to make these kids realize they, too, can go to college."
Which of the four "Roots" stars who reunited on TODAY has never seen the show?
WATCH: After being born with a hole in his diaphragm, Chad wasn't expected to survive. But thanks to his NICU nurses, he did!  See the 10-year-old's touching reunion with his nurses on TODAY! http://on.today.com/1VTo1rj
You may need to ask your mom for help on this one.
"It's right for me, because I honestly, at this point today, have no idea what I'm doing with the rest of my life."
"I just thought that I would be more sad if I stayed home. I thought if I could get some low-income families and kids to come, it would make me feel happy to see the kids and help them have a fun day."
"They were our friends at the time when we didn't have time for friends. It's hard to even express the gratitude that I feel for them."
You look amazing, Meghan Trainor!
Yes, there's a house amidst those trees – and it looks amazing after its remodel!
"Hey Discovery Girls Magazine, why not include diet tips/surgical options with this?" one woman sarcastically wrote in response to the article.
We're not sure how we feel about this…
Fix your floors in no time!
This means war, Ellen DeGeneres.
B.J. Novak is here!
Next stop in TODAY's celebration of the National Parks Service's centennial: Alcatraz Island and Sequoia National Park! #FindYourPark #NationalParksTODAY
Good morning, Kate Beckinsale!
"I've always been independent. So I just wanted to go back to what I had."
They look great on TV, but do these products really work?
"Whether we like it or not, he has earned the right to make his case to the American people," Marco Rubio said about Donald J. Trump.
#5 is genius!
This is a "strawberry cheesecake" we can feel good about having for breakfast.
"Saved by the Bell" fans, rejoice!
We love the new color scheme!
"Body positivity is important because you are given one life, one body, one chance. So why waste time hating parts of yourself because others say it isn't right?"
"I come home in the morning light / My mother says, 'Why don't you make the same as a guy?'"
#5 is probably not going to happen, but we could handle the rest!
You got this!
"I'm never anywhere alone!! ... and I love it."
"While holding him she noticed his teeth looked 'lived-in' and not the bright whites of a child, but she did not think anything of it."
The King of Beers is getting a patriotic makeover this summer. Let us know what you think of it in our TODAY poll!
WATCH: "No scale or body size can ever determine your self-worth." http://on.today.com/1Xk07oi
"Look where I am!"   "Please tell me you're not in someone else's dorm."
"I've never seen a sushi restaurant refuse to serve a pregnant woman, or a grocery store refuse to sell soft cheese, so ordering wine shouldn't be any different."
"It's basically like laying on top of a watermelon."
"I know it's just a dress, just material, but when you're a bride who can't wear the dress you love on the day you've been dreaming about for forever, it's hard."
"There's nice and then there's Iowa nice."
"But MOOOOOOOOM!"
Kaley Cuoco had a special announcement to make on The Late Late Show with James Corden.
"When you think back on the chaos of what it means to have children of all ages running amok in your home ... you'll think, 'Man. Those were the days.'"
Dealing with infertility is really hard, especially when you keep seeing all those cute pregnancy announcements. Here's how one couple turned their tears into laughter… and found their own happy ending.
It's the running of the pugs!
Under current FDA labeling, you can call Pop-Tarts and fat-free pudding healthy, but not salmon, nuts or avocados.
"This is big, but we still believe that our God is bigger."
Bookmark this boozy iced tea for upcoming parties. #BoozeDayTuesday
Prince purchased the home as a wedding present for his wife at the time.
"The craziest thing I've experienced is a lot of males' [criticisms]. And the last time I checked, there were not a lot of males carrying babies."
This might change what you eat for dinner tonight!
WATCH: These three take cuddling to a new (adorable) level! http://on.today.com/21EOkBd
We can help, Chrissy Teigen!
The Property Brothers always have the best ideas!
WATCH: Shriek, shriek, shriek, shriek!  Check out this 360-degree tour of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York's "Psycho" house — on the roof! Just click and drag to look around! http://on.today.com/1YNJfV6
There was no crying … but plenty of smiles!
It looks like the Property Brothers could use a little help when it comes to roasting marshmallows!
Watch Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani belt out what Shelton called one his most "brutally honest" songs yet.
Happy 56th birthday, Bono!
If you keep makeup around for several months (or years), you'll want to read this.
Property Brothers Jonathan Silver Scott and Drew Scott are hanging out in our Facebook Live Booth. What questions do you have?
See the stunning beauty above (and below) the earth's surface! #NationalParkTODAY #FindYourPark
We love Meghan Trainor even more for this!
The same process that gives you strong tires could give you younger-looking skin.
As marijuana increasingly becomes legal across the U.S., more drivers are getting into fatal accidents while high on pot.
"I truly didn't know what I was missing. The world is even more beautiful than I thought it was."
Matt and Al took in an amazing #TODAYsunrise over White Sands National Park Monday! #NationalParkTODAY #FindYourPark
Where do you plan to retire?
Do you have a special little Frankie, Rose or Mason in your life?
We can't wait to fire up the grill!
Summer barbecues, here we come!
"Look what my 2 babies did…They made me happy."
After Amy Schumer was left unnerved by an encounter with a fan, we started wondering: How should we greet our favorite celebs?
"She's become a mascot in the nursing home — her friends call her a star."
"What happens when the bakery says they don't have time to make your daughter a birthday cake? You get involved and smash one out yourself!"
Congratulations, Brie Larson!
We'd be happy to wake up and smell the coffee in that kitchen any day!
"I saw just happiness.... He didn't have any fears toward her at all. He's not ever like that."
WATCH: 5-year-old Alex Tuck suggested to his mom that they start a lemonade stand to aid victims of wildfires in Fort McMurray, a municipality in Alberta, Canada. Alex's efforts have earned nearly $2,600 and are moving his neighbors and fellow Canadians to tears.
All you need is Tupperware!
The 167,000-pound challenger was the biggest opponent of the WWE star's career!
WATCH: It's that easy!
What an inspiration! Anaya has proven she can do anything she sets her mind to.
WATCH: A 79-year-old veteran, who went missing from his Arizona home nearly 10 years ago, has been found alive in California and reunited with this family.
John Legend's tribute to new mom Chrissy Teigen was the sweetest!
One day potatoes are good for you, the next they're not. What's the real deal?
It's the latest body art for Justin Bieber, who hasn't exactly shied away from ink in the past.
We're thinking about Carrie Underwood and her recent CMT Music Award nomination. Here are some powerful words to live by from the talented country superstar. #MindfulMondays
Spring is here! This season, Crocs is looking on the sunny side and finding the fun in life's everyday moments. Now it's your turn!  Snap a photo that shows how you #FindYourFun and share it with us! Or show us your favorite fun idea for a rainy spring day – because you can never have too much fun!
"We can rule the galaxy as father and son. If you refuse to join me, then you must fight me."
This totally changes the game for caramelizing onions!
WATCH: This couple's Harry Potter wedding is magically amazing.
Picnic season is here and we can't wait to bring these with us!
Your job's a joke, you're broke – but you still manage to live in a very pricey pad.
WATCH: We're in love, we're in love and we don't care who knows it!
Tom Brokaw has a key piece of advice for anyone who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Carrie Underwood and Blake Shelton are among the nominees!
TODAY is celebrating 100 years of National Parks!   Check out Jenna Bush Hager and Natalie's outdoor adventures at Florida's Biscayne National Park, Dry Tortugas and the Everglades. #NationalsParksTODAY
The pair "mutually agreed" that Ozzy Osbourne would move out of their home.
Ellen DeGeneres included a little more of Matt Lauer than we normally see.
Get ready, country fans. Thomas Rhett is here!
See the controversial video of a baby learning to swim that has parents talking.
"It's a huge shame that she's not here, but I hope she'd be incredibly proud of what we've managed to achieve."
Happy Monday, Jodie Foster!
This man created the ultimate Coldplay tribute – one selfie at a time!
WATCH: Jenna Bush Hager attempted to set her sister up with Prince Harry — and we love her for trying!
A whole new way to hug.
Yes, there is a right way!
We may not truly understand what depression feels like, but there are ways we can help our friends and loved ones.
"Initially it was a fake commercial for a fake app, but then we were like, what if we really made the app?"
Hate it when your chicken comes out dry? Make sure it doesn't happen again!
"I just want to pee with the door closed. That would be the greatest gift of all." Kim Holderness of The Holderness Family was dreaming big for Mother's Day.
Mesh underwear and a whole lot of love. Happy  Mother's Day.
WATCH: Chelsea Handler got real about why her life (and Instagram feed) is an open book. See more of her interview: on.today.com/1TNU20p
"The world looks different and you are somehow even more grounded in it, more connected than ever before."
Check this list before you head to the grocery store this weekend.
Show some love to all the hard-working single moms this Mother's Day weekend!
Happy Mother's Day!on.today.com/1T2JgmU
"I tease her to make her laugh, because I just adore hearing her laugh."
"These are people — soldiers — 15 different nations, that I've served in Afghanistan with. We've all signed up to serve our country, and some of us have been less fortunate than others."
This Mother's Day weekend, let's raise a glass (of Tab) to the amazing 1970s moms, who would have laughed themselves silly at the idea of "helicopter parenting."
"I don't care about glossing over stuff, or being on the periphery of something," Chelsea Handler said.
"We try to brace ourselves for impact. We know it's coming. It comes around every year. And every year it stings a bit more than the last. Because every year it serves as a reminder of what we don't yet have."
Willie Geist is live! Watch him discuss his interview with Chelsea Handler — and share your questions!
Happy Mother's Day from our family to yours!
"I think it's the greatest thing that I've ever had the chance to do."   By NBC News Brand Studio and JOHNSON'S baby.
With summer airfare hitting a seven-year low, now's the time to book your ticket to Rio.
There's still time to whip up the perfect brunch.
Science says you should book that beach vacation you've been dreaming about.
Be your own hair colorist!
WATCH: This sparkling raspberry lime sangria will be a big hit at brunch! on.today.com/sparklingrosesangria
"Every day is just watching them grasp onto something and learn something. It blows your mind," Justin Timberlake said.
It's Lyme Disease Awareness Month….the ticks are coming. Here's what you need to know.
Add a personal touch this Mother's Day with Martha Stewart's DIY gifts
Congratulations, Michael Phelps and Nicole Johnson!
Find the perfect recipe for mom!
You may have heard about The Biggest Loser problems but all is not lost. Most people can keep the weight off.
Mom always knows best!
Yes, you need to clean your pillows! on.today.com/1UyS4mN
"As we rightly celebrate motherhood, we should give special thanks to the women who are raising children on their own. And let's vow to do more to support them, every day."
"I'll have a beautiful wedding dress, 'cause I didn't have a big, long wedding dress when we got married and we've got a suit for him, so we're going to dress up and take a bunch of pictures."
This kid is the best Hide-and-Seeker ever!
We're wishing these awesome moms a Happy Mother's Day!
Shopping for a used car? Steer clear of the dealer lot on Mother's Day, Father's Day and the Fourth of July.
Mariah Carey started her Mother's Day celebrations a little early this year.
Cooking was a family affair today!
"Part of slowing down for me, as a parent, means embracing the fact that there is no Instagram filter for real life or real joy or real mess."
This mint julep is Triple Crown worthy! #HappyHour
If mom's a fan of pancakes, she's going to love this giant one!
"The dog has been a real blessing. The dog has been great for Seph in every single way."
Logan, Jess or Dean?
"I think it's important to speak out and say, 'I think I need some help. I can't do this by myself.'"
"How do you let a 7-year-old fool you? She was in your custody as trusted professionals. Plus there were misspellings and the note wasn't even signed."
Attention all Potterheads: Behold, the wedding of your dreams.
"I knew I could look up, look to my right, look to my left, look in the bleachers, and there she was, always. Always."
People in the "normal" range of weight live longer, the researchers found.
Indulge in a healthier happy hour this weekend.
Adorable handmade cards? Yes. Expensive jewelry? Nah, save your money and just let mom sleep. What do YOU want this Mother's Day?
"I ain't gonna be cooking all day ... I ain't gonna do your laundry."
"Never let anyone else's pics make you feel insecure about yourself."
"As soon as I opened the package I started laughing because I could already tell how cheaply it was made."
"Let's work harder, look closer and do everything we can not to enable and in doing so, disable, our loved ones who are ill. This is what it sounds like when we all cry."
WATCH: Meet the anchors' mothers and find out who Matt Lauer calls his "favorite guest in the last five years" with this week's #SliceOfOrange!
WATCH: Every day is bring your child to work day thanks to a new policy in North Dakota that allows moms to bring their babies to work.
These "Bad Moms" have some sweet husbands!
"That is the No.1 question I get asked about the show."
"I love her to death, she is my best friend and any look of disappointment from your best friend you want to fix."
Behold the power of moms! There were so many happy tears after the surprise reunions between the TODAY anchors and their moms.  "This is the craziest thing ever," Carson said.  (TODAY's Parenting Team is brought to you by our sponsor JOHNSON'S baby. #LittleWonders)
Aww!
Let's be real, everyone wins when puppies are involved!
Keep wads of money in your socks or bra? This store won't accept it.
"If you do decide to go on a prescription to help yourself, understand that the world wants to shame you for that, but in the medical community, you would never deny a diabetic his insulin."
"Faith requires faith … Just because things don't work out the way that you hoped they would, doesn't mean that God isn't still in charge."
"It's poking fun at this unrealistic, unattainable, idea of being a perfect mom that we've all felt," Kristen Bell said of Bad Moms.
Ah, sibling love.
One private investigator says he believes local police should take a second look at the facts.
The dimples! The cheekbones! We get it!
Hear the new song, "Can't Stop the Feeling!"
We surprised our anchors with their moms (and Al Roker's sister) for Mother's Day!
Did your baby's name make the list?
"Before kids, you had to log serious time on the treadmill to break a sweat. Now you're dripping sweat from the chaos of getting the kids out the door and strapped into their car seats."
"Ali, too many people have been conditioned to play it safe in a world that longs for courageous dreamers and risk takers."
OK, procrastinators. (Dads, kids: this is you.) We are handing you these great ideas so you can save Mother's Day by making Mom a homemade gift she's gonna love.
Check out Amazon's summer toy picks!
The new essie bottle doesn't look like this.
In case you missed it, dozens of brands are affected, including Trader Joe's.
The "SNL" legend has been honing his Trump impression.
"My mom taught me there is no 'best' when it comes to beauty. It takes all forms and she taught me that the key to tapping into it is confidence."
WATCH: Here's the 1-second trick to rocking an off-the-shoulder top. http://on.today.com/1rvAgxI
The Tanners are back — again!
Yet another reason to plan that beach vacation.
Looking for a new job? Here's where employees are happiest.
"Please refrain, just for one night, from getting any new teeth and/or illnesses, vomiting, bloody noses, anxiety attacks, nightmares, and/or freaking out about lost socks or other acts of God. JUST KEEP IT TOGETHER."
There's a new Instagram champion in town.
American Girl's latest move means more girls can have dolls that are just like them.
A complete Cinco de Mayo feast!
Luna is only a few weeks old, but she's already helped host her first crab boil — and grandma has the proof!
Oprah's more serious than ever about her health and she's taking it outside.
Who danced it best?
Life changes in wonderful ways after you have a kid.   Add a picture of you and your child in the comments or with #LittleWonders, a hashtag from our sponsor JOHNSON'S baby, and tell us about one of those little special moments you've enjoyed together.   We may use it tomorrow on the broadcast and on TODAY.com, and Johnson's could use it online.
WATCH: This military mom-of-3 who battled cancer while pregnant went on to breastfeed her baby after a mastectomy, and has inspired so many around the world. See how her husband (with the help of TODAY) honored her this Mother's Day.
"She wasn't trying to make any type of statement with her hair. She was just being 9."
WATCH: Ida Keeling is 100 years old and holds a world running record! http://on.today.com/1QTi3yH
"It was one of those moments you can't put into words."
"I love what I do, but I feel like I relied on my career a lot for my self-worth. I'm a mother and a wife and have this whole other thing going on."
WATCH: This 5-year-old gets a pink, 3-D printed prosthetic hand — and hope for riding a bike.
WATCH: See what the TODAY anchors think of this over-the-top "platinum" donut. #CincodeMayo
"Do I still work full time and want to progress my career? Absolutely. But it will not come at the expense of these two little people."
WATCH: Melissa Joan Hart and Robin Givens discuss how motherhood changes everything.
Just in time for Mother's Day!
"They're tiny, drunk animals …. They are the center of my life. They're the first thing I think about when I wake up in the morning, and they're the last thing I think about before I go to bed at night."
Can we make it Cinco de Mayo every day?
See her funny pet name for him!
Ah, we'll always treasure these kid-made portraits of mom… especially when they make us laugh this hard. Share your own in the comments and see more at Mommy Shorts.
When Channing Tatum said he'd date a woman with autism, Carly Fleischmann joked that her lawyers were working on his "divorce papers."
"Mrs. Holen is probably the most understanding, helpful person that you'll find."
This study turns us all into 10 year-olds. What words do you find gross?
WATCH: You have to see the "SNL" legend's Hillary Clinton impression. http://on.today.com/1WKZpQw
As far as obnoxious selfies go, this one was a home run.
Attention, Magic Mike fans: this is no strip tease!
"I pray as a mother I teach you strength and passion to carry through the struggles in the world," Britney Spears wrote.
The polo match raised money for a cause close to Princess Diana's heart.
SORTEDfood is here in our Facebook Live Booth. Ask them your cooking questions!
"It's going to be a good change of pace, a good lifestyle," Natalie Morales said.
Here's your chance to hear George Clooney sing backup on "Hollaback Girl."
Some exciting news from Natalie Morales! More: http://on.today.com/1q1NLUl
"In retrospect, it's something that I would not want to undertake again," trial judge Belvin Perry said.
This dad appears to have mastered the art of multitasking!
"She never had that experience and she's risked so much throughout my life and made so many sacrifices."
Our mouths are watering!
Because you spend hours sleeping (and drooling) on your pillow every night!
Only Halle Berry could make a bowl cut look glamorous.
We might keep some of these decorations up all year long!
Just because something is all natural, it doesn't mean it doesn't cause side effects, doctors want to remind you.
Do you keep your ketchup on the counter or in the fridge?
"I kind of lost the sense of who I was."
Because CHEESE!
This is a buddy cop movie waiting to happen.
Don't pee all day until 10 p.m., don't eat or sleep until you're delirious, try swaddling an octopus — and other tips about the best ways to prep for the arrival of a new baby.
Adam's in pregnancy solidarity with wife Behati, and takes a selfie to prove it.
This little boy is winning hearts with this soccer move!
So many happy tears! And this mom sure deserves the special attention she received today.
"You never know what you can do for someone until you try."
"He always falls to sleep putting Willow to bed."
"I'm not a lightning rod, but I can and will speak out to help others who are afraid to speak out."
Hoping to hit the jackpot tonight? Read this before claiming your prize.
"We had all the students out in the hallways and elsewhere, and we basically had 20 minutes to do it."
"I love the way I look and I won't support anyone who would feel a need to change the way I look to make me beautiful."
"What I didn't understand is the depth of what [Nick] was going through."
"Skip the breakfast in bed, the body lotion and the kitchen appliances. Give me something that make me laugh, smile or feel a bit pampered."
Because the last thing you want when hugging someone is cold hands…
Have an amazing mom? Click below, add a photo and let us know about her — We might feature her on air and online Friday!
"The reaction to her passing, the people who are shocked at her senseless absence, is a testament to how she steered her life with joyous, wicked curiosity."
The new floors are something different!
"She was a year-and-a-half, naked on the trampoline with a bowl of frozen grapes."
No. 1: Parents need training, too.
The goose was loose!
Watch the close call!
Where do you like to unwind with a drink? Take our TODAY poll!
"I will have to, in a good way, spend the rest of my life trying to fill that void as much as possible."
We are remembering the elegant Audrey Hepburn, who would have been 87 today.
WATCH: As a teacher fights cancer for the fourth time, she isn't doing it alone.
"This mark of evil…also radiates the very essence of survival."
Like father, like son!
WATCH: This toddler can climb herself into bed every night - thanks to a group of strangers.
Do you remember the first time you saw a jack-in-the-box?   This boy will!
We loved having Savannah's mom in the TODAY kitchen this morning!  Find her recipe for fried chicken here: http://on.today.com/26T4Gdp.
WATCH: Savannah's mom is dishing out her fried chicken recipe - and we can't wait to try it!
See Gina Rodriguez's new look!
Why not have a little leave to care for your fuzziest family members?
"Honestly, there are some people I really don't want," Donald J. Trump told Matt Lauer and Savannah of the Republican Party.
These young men are giving back to their community – one lawn at a time.
WATCH: This granny jumped out of a plane for her 90th birthday.
A beautiful brunch worthy of mom!
That master bathroom is luxurious!
Flowers, jewelry or sleep? Moms, play this game of "would you rather"… Mother's Day edition.
You look great, Kristin Cavallari!
With sections such as "Degree programs I did not get into," "Awards and scholarships I did not get," and "Research funding I did not get," this prof details the times when his efforts somehow fell short.
Congratulations, Kate Upton and Justin Verlander!
"I definitely don't need the clutter … no matter how grateful I may be for the loving intentions behind them."
This big-batch guacamole will get the party started!
"He gave me a chance to live a second life."
"It's one of those stories you read about in a book or see on TV, and we're living it."
A study tracked 14 of the "Biggest Loser" contestants and found 13 of them had gained the weight back.
Is Carrie Underwood's son going to be getting a little brother or sister in the near future?
"I was a very shy girl, so I felt this instant connection with Barbie. She was a way for me to dream."
"People smile at babies everywhere, except on planes!"
Bae watch!
Baby bumps on board!
What '90s trends do you miss most?
"At the end of the day, it's not about unreal women and real women — we're all real women, we all have bodies."
Here's a comedy for any mom who's ever felt that all the moms around her have a secret rule book she was never given.
WATCH: 6 decades later, an adopted brother meets the siblings he never knew he had.
"At the end of the day, it's not about unreal women and real women — we're all real women, we all have bodies."
Tip #2: Any concert T-shirt.
"I thought, we're done, my family has had its share. And then I realized, you can't spend every day for months … praying to God, please let it be me, please let it be me, and then be pissed when it's you."
Now your fairy-tale wedding can be a reality – but it'll cost you.
Savannah Guthrie says she took this "cry it out" advice, and it didn't go well: "I cried myself to sleep all night long... for me, 2 months was too early."
WATCH: Go for a ride on Cedar Point's Valravn, the longest and fastest dive coaster in the world!
Here's what really happens when the stars align for one of the most exclusive events in fashion.
Can't sleep? Try these 3 tips.
We believe her!
See what it looks like now!
This gives new meaning to the term "I spy"!
What was supposed to be an ad promoting an Old Navy sale has stirred into something much greater.
WATCH: From classic to (kind of) crazy, here are the big looks from Monday night's Met Gala! http://on.today.com/1OcQYqk
"No matter what, we don't have our daughter back."
Lilliana Vazquez is here to help you shop for Mother's Day! Head to the TODAY's Take's Facebook page now to ask your gift questions — she may answer yours!
Thanks for the laughs, Chloë Grace Moretz!
Claire Danes looked like a futuristic Cinderella!
Cheers!
The cast of The Color Purple Musical is here — and they sound amazing!
Brighten up your mom's day with any of these gifts!
"I think of myself, prior to marriage and children, confidently asking people if they were going to have MORE children...I was potentially dangerous in my egocentric thinking."
"It was about a week into Ben's birth that reality hit – and it hit hard."  By our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby
"We might be changing his life tonight by taking him to prom and giving him this memory, but he's changed ours."
"I dress to suit myself. I certainly don't dress up for boys."
"It's so amazing to think about what Taylor's gone through, but I wouldn't change a thing about him."
"We might be changing his life tonight by taking him to prom and giving him this memory, but he's changed ours. Every day when we see him, he's happy. He's taught us how to be patient and live life to the fullest." http://on.today.com/1VHpOjf
"The idea of celebrating my new role as a mama is overwhelming and exhilarating … but that doesn't mean I wouldn't appreciate some postpartum pampering, too."
Al Roker's face is worth a thousand words.
Alyssa Milano shares what she has gained (patience) and lost (a social life) since becoming a mom. Parents, how has your own life changed with kids? Share your stories and photos with the TODAY Parenting Team: http://on.today.com/1X5g3e5
"There is no such thing as a domesticated lion."
There's still ink in there!
Faith Hill celebrated Tim McGraw's birthday with an adorable family photo.
Never make dry grilled chicken again!
Could there BE more "Friends" nostalgia?
Forget the exploding kind — this hoverboard is the real deal.
Did you know this trick existed?!
Because Mom deserves a good meal!

Macey's George W. Bush ventriloquist doll even came along for the ride.
WATCH: Little Tera is one lucky kitten!
What was your score?
Cutting down on salt can be rough, but a little planning goes a long way!
Happy birthday, David Beckham!
WATCH: Ouch! A stalled motorcycle caused a huge pileup at a bike race in New York over the weekend.
"When you start exercising the brain with meditation, that particular part of the brain … [is] going to be stronger."
Preach!  What would you add to the list?
Justin Bieber's new hairstyle is a big improvement!
This pooch's best friend is a stuff moose —until pizza comes into play!
Savannah (yes, Savannah!) was baking up a storm with Donatella Arpaia this morning!   Find Donatella's recipe for chocolate cheesecake here: http://on.today.com/1W3neVh.
We got a taste of this cheesecake and seriously couldn't stop eating it!!
Ouch!
"Let me go on the record and say that I can't regret it."
Luis Ortiz and Ryan Serhant from "Million Dollar Listing New York" are live in our Facebook booth!
Oh what a difference a year makes! Happy birthday, Princess Charlotte!
There's one big spot people often miss.
Find out what made Amy Schumer put an end to fan pics.
A Starbucks customer is demanding $5 million because she says they put too much ice in their cold beverages.
Happy birthday, Princess Charlotte!
WATCH: Five years ago today, Osama bin Laden was killed. Here's how TODAY covered the news nearly 10 years in the making.   "This is one of those news stories where I think people will stop and remember where they were when they heard the news that Osama bin Laden had been killed," Matt Lauer said at the time.
"I think your ring is beautiful. I believe that your love is bigger than your ring."
Their son died just weeks after he was born. Now the Johnston's are honoring him by helping other parents of struggling newborns make lasting memories.
Are your kids getting enough recess at school?
WATCH: We tried out the new Dyson hair dryer. See what we thought and learn more: on.today.com/1WTTw3F
If we can't go to Joanna Gaines, we'll be happy to have her come to us!
"Everything comes from the core. That's your balancing point. If that can be strong, your workouts are going to be stronger."
Clare Daly's story is an important reminder for Skin Cancer Awareness Month.
WATCH: Learn how one dad brings color and hope to kids in hospitals — by reusing unwanted crayons on.today.com/1Y15yXo
Want to travel across the pond? Try this royal guide!
"We were sad of course, but we tried to be humorous about it."
The new study found spanking often has the opposite result parents usually want.
Should Furbies and jelly shoes stay in the '90s?
She adopts babies no one else wants, so that no matter how brief their lives are, they will know love.
"It's as important to their healing as the medications that they receive."
WATCH: Willie Geist breaks down the highs and lows of the week, from the CEO of Chobani to one very special men's crop tops. #SundayTODAY
Just spent a lot of money on groceries? Make sure your food doesn't go bad!
Aww! Princess Charlotte is so adorable!
Willie Geist is live! What questions do you have for him about #SundayTODAY?
A child is reported to a poison control center about every 45 minutes after exposure to toxic laundry products.
Is the new Dyson hair dryer worth it?
Rhubarb makes us think of grandma, in the best way possible.
Current status = making sangria.
WATCH: These brothers (literally) have one another's backs! Learn more about their 111-mile walk to raise awareness for cerebral palsy: on.today.com/1rA9gxj
Duchess Kate can strike a pose!
*Adds to cart*
Sadly, we've ruined a cast iron pan or two. Don't make the same mistake!
WATCH: The Biggest Loser trainer Dolvett Quince shows us how to do a plank the right way: on.today.com/1qNTjT2
What was your craziest craving?
"Many women say they eventually have higher self-esteem, greater self-awareness and better awareness of cues of possible future infidelity."
Is your child greedy or giving?
Yes, there's another elusive panda hiding in a puzzle.
Tip #7 was news to us!
We were missing some steps…on.today.com/1WvuTtG
Yes, pancakes and muffins are on the list!
Is bleach ever OK? What you need to know.
When it comes to our moms, a simple "I love you" just doesn't feel sufficient.
One ingredient, three delicious desserts!
Padma Lakshmi is remembering Prince as "a huge influence" on her life.
"People who harbor anger and resentment are more likely to get ill, have cardiac disease, die early. So this is something you're doing for yourself."
This is the easiest dessert ever.
Should Furbies and jelly shoes stay in the '90s?
"Your waist is already tiny, I'm not sure why they felt the need to Photoshop, you're still a goddess either way," one user commented.
"You get caught up in life and you don't realize how precious a moment with a son or daughter is, and you don't realize what you're missing."
Prepare to relive your obsession with the 2002 hit movie.
It takes at least 3 weeks for a new habit to stick. Which healthy habits are you both willing and able to do?
Who's winning this showdown?
"There's a password and I have no idea what it is. She locks it up, and I have no idea why she does that."
We love that staircase, Carmen Electra!
Do you see it?
"Most of parenting in spring is just faking excitement over another dandelion present to you by your kids."
"Teenagers don't see wrinkles. They don't see frailty. They see someone new — someone they want to learn from."
"He is not my helper. He is my partner and my children's father."
"She's been my ultimate superhero, and I don't think I'd have made it this far without her."
WATCH:, Bobbie Thomas wrote a touching letter to her former self, sharing what she wishes she'd known about infertility.
"Connor was a great friend, a great son, and a light to the people lucky enough to know him."
Little Tera is one lucky kitten!
Happy five-year anniversary, Prince William and Duchess Kate!
WATCH: We threw it back to the '90s, and the anchors revealed their worst wardrobe malfunctions. Check out this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
"I'm nervous about everything," Catherine Giudici Lowe revealed.
WATCH: This couple turned misfortune into an unforgettable photo opportunity. http://on.today.com/1Tk87Qt
The Modern Family actress is going to attend...
"As women and as moms we try to do it all but it sure ain't easy."
"Egos were severely injured."
"You've got the mom shorts, baby. Too much sense to rock a thong. You've got the mom shorts, baby. Looser and a lot more long."
"I am lonely every Saturday night."
WATCH: The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus elephants are headed where all retirees go: Florida!
Their son died just weeks after he was born.   Now the Johnston's are honoring him by helping other parents of struggling newborns make last memories.
Simon Cowell's headed back to TV!
A.C. Slater and Jessie Spano are together again and it feels so right.
"Remind yourself that your body is doing its best, and all you can do is your best to support it. Ask for and accept help. It doesn't make you weak. It doesn't make you a failure," Bobbie Thomas wrote.
Five years ago today, Prince William and Duchess Kate tied the knot in a royal wedding for the ages! Watch how TODAY covered the royals' big day:
You're about to have some large company, bald eagle.
The prince is opening up to help his fellow veterans.
Prince had a huge influence on today's top musical artists — and Adam Levine was no exception.
One author has sparked quite the controversy with the idea.
"You can never have enough flannel," Willie Geist said about his '90s outfit.
Only divine intervention could stop this dispute — or a really good real estate attorney.
Salt N Pepa is back!
It's the end of an era!
Adam Levine's catching up on some reading in the Orange Room  this morning!
Dylan Dreyer can dance!  #ILoveThe90sTODAY is the perfect day for some awkward/amazing photos and videos of the TODAY anchors!
Happy anniversary, Will and Kate!
Say yes to #3!
We love these looks so much!
Here's what happened to the dress Princess Diana famously wore when dancing with John Travolta.
Get ready to learn the art of folding.
We've been using our fridge all wrong!
"When you're young, you're attracted to the 'bad boy,' only to find out that they're actually just bullies or insecure – you're attracted to fantasies."
"I was very suicidal at one point, and Sandy was the reason I kept fighting. When I would wake up in the morning and want to go back to sleep, he gave me a reason to get out of bed."
Calling all Girl Meets World and Fuller House fans!
What do you think of Kaley Cuoco's new look?
"We've had a peculiar life — one that is extraordinary in scope yet ordinary in the day-to-day."
"That's all we know: to love each other."
"A princess isn't a career to which one can aspire to be. It's just an adjective we throw at girls."
Try not to smile (really, just try)!
If these walls could talk!
WATCH: Think you know how to fold clothes? Marie "Konmari" Kondo shows how it's really done. http://on.today.com/1qYwMDc
"We try to make the best of the moments we have together because there will be times where I will miss a birthday, a first day of school."
Stop for a minute! Amy Grant is remaking her catchy 1991 hit.
"The success and happiness of your marriage and your life are about so much more than the ring on your finger."
A perfect dish for National Blueberry Pie Day!
"If you wouldn't allow your child on the back of a motorcycle, then don't... (but) don't call us bad parents for enjoying putting a smile on our kid's face every now and then with a motorcycle ride home after school."
He's not going to let one failed trip burst his bubble.
Find out the actress' favorite food combo!
…Should someone tell Kurt Russell?
A classic Italian dish made even easier!
Happy birthday, Property Brothers!
We would all be happy if our 'pregnancy glow' could last just a little longer…
It's #TakeYourKidToWorkDay and we're putting these kids to work!
Mother/daughter relationship goals!
Step 1: More avocado!
One small tattoo for Miley Cyrus, one giant astronomy lesson for all.
Thanks for stopping by, Kate Hudson!
We completely understand, Matt Lauer!
It's as simple as asking yourself one question.
Find out if there's a shade of difference between cheap sunglasses and the big-name designer brands.
Donald J. Trump doubled down on Hillary Clinton's use of "the woman card."
There was a lot about this poster that didn't sit well with University of Washington students.
"The adoption is a formality, honestly, because he's our child."
Save money by making your own at home!
Nick and Vanessa Lachey's backyard = life goals.
We've literally seen people fighting over Trader Joe's cauliflower rice.
Congratulations, Desiree Hartsock!
"You are a wonderful husband, father and friend — and you've managed to not age one day since I met you!"
Spray bottle? Check!
"We will not be bullied into changing our parenting style just because someone doesn't think it's appropriate."
"Becoming a parent changes us. Being a parent day in and day out changes us even more. This change unearths skills we never thought we had."
We'll try anything to make more space for snacks.
What you need to know if you've ever had a blistering sunburn.
Spanking might have the opposite effect parents want, a new study finds.
"There are highs and there are lows," Vanessa Hudgens said.
Yay or nay?
Witchcraft!
"It was the toughest thing I've ever done or will ever have to do in my life. But it was crazy and fun and I had my four best friends by my side the entire time, which helped ease the pain."
The tail of two bookish cats — and the librarian who loved them.
If only every administrative assistant's hard work were rewarded with a celebrity crush's visit!
"A lot of people don't realize how fast things happen for us, so a lot of it was instinct and reaction, more than training."
A hair dryer like you've never seen before.
"Stand there on that sideline along with the rest of us parents and support OUR boys and girls! ALL OF THEM. Win or lose. It's a game."
"I got so sentimental."
"There's nothing like a cute, strong firefighter holding a couple of tiny kitties he saved from a fire to make a lady's heart go pitty pat."
We look forward to hearing about Grace's first date when she's 36.
WATCH: A mom cat with a litter of kittens "adopts" an orphaned puppy after his mother was hit by a car. http://on.today.com/1TviKCD
WATCH: The cuteness at the San Diego Zoo just tripled.
"I remember some people telling me my nose was too big or my eyes were too small, that I could never be on a magazine cover," Gisele Bündchen revealed.
"With so many negative stereotypes and news stories surrounding foster care, we wanted to highlight only the positive."
John Krasinski and Jenna Fischer are still the cutest.
Get a start on lemonade sipping season, courtesy of Beyoncé.
Loving the new look, Emma!
JoJo's search for Mr. Right is on!
U-S-A. U-S-A. U-S-A.
WATCH: This baby's only a few weeks old – but she's already a record breaker! http://on.today.com/1XW7RLl
Good morning, Shawn Johnson and Kelley O'Hara!  http://on.today.com/1Tef59D
Who could say "neigh" to that face?!
WATCH: Melissa McCarthy and hubby Ben Falcone busted out their best (clean) jokes for Matt Lauer, and they had us laughing!
"It's crazy that I'm actually living my dream," Aly Raisman told TODAY.
Talk about putting your best foot forward.
He'll always be the king of our hearts!
The Band Perry is rocking the plaza this morning!
She's only a few weeks old and she's already broken a record!
Looking sharp, Ryan Lochte, Haley Anderson and Jordan Burroughs! #RoadToRio
Here's the real deal.
Beach balls and surfboards on the plaza can only mean one thing: 100 days to the Rio Olympics! #RoadToRio
"I was at the lowest place I've ever been," Michael Phelps said of the time before he checked into rehab
It may not be sexy, but you need fiber in your life!  Here's why and how much.
"We were getting ready to come in when we heard a big explosion, and the house just blew up. We ran over there immediately and it was burning like crazy, and then we realized the family was still inside."
Turn your veggies into a healthy start to the morning.
We weren't going about this the right way at all.
"Six months ago I would have said 'control your child' even though I've got children. But speaking to people with autism and disabled people has helped me think about how I can make it a better place to shop."
"It was one of the best days in my life."
Bobby had recently lost his mother when he was brought to a shelter with a cat who'd just given birth to a litter of five kittens.
Tip No. 13: When microwaving, hit 66 seconds.
"This kind of thing makes it all worthwhile," Coldplay responded to the video of the boy's sweet reaction.
"The von Trapps ain't got nothin' on us."
"I'm afraid one visit to a cosmetic dermatologist would be my gateway drug. I'd go in for a tiny, circumscribed lift and come out looking like a blowfish."
WATCH: This reunion touched our hearts – and we know it will touch yours, too: http://on.today.com/1QyU3Rb
"We turned it into a teaching moment and taught them that even if you don't agree with it, or understand it, you must respect authority."
Kay Jewelers is in hot water with angry customers.
This grandma-to-be totally loses it – and it's amazing.
"I'm kind of like the last person I want to watch."
This is the ultimate breakfast sandwich!
If the bed's a rockin', this mattress will let you know.
Happy 36th birthday, Channing Tatum!
You can't stop the beat — or Jennifer Hudson!
This cat is on the trip of a lifetime! (Nine lifetimes, to be exact.)
Zoodles are just as fun to eat as they are to say!
It's a Full House with Dave Coulier this morning!
Lady in red!
Key & Peele & kittens!
No gym required!
Ariana Grande and Jimmy Fallon just took lip syncing to a new level!
Matt Lauer: "The people in Indiana…your message come primary day there is to vote for…"  John Kasich: "I am not getting into that."
If hugging puppies is wrong, we don't want to be right!
Let's be real. There's nothing cuter than a kid in a robe.  Did your little one wear a robe? Share a pic in the comment section!
Jodie Sweetin's big sis on Fuller House gave her some real advice for Dancing with the Stars.
Pregnancy looks different on every woman — and that goes beyond the belly.
#4. When my twins were born, my dogs became dogs.  Does anyone else relate?
"My wheelchair was good practice for her."
"I hadn't embraced that part of myself. So I went on this little journey and I was like, you know, it's time to get over it."
Spoiler alert: You'll like these results.
"He's always so nice, and the fact that he just came out of nowhere and helped a man he doesn't even know have a meal says everything. That just shows the person that he is."
"This kid has waaaaaay more heart, is stronger and tougher than I could ever imagine. He can't talk much, but he did tell me, 'I love you' in sign language."
"Susie was a gift and she has certainly spurred a movement bigger than she'll ever know."
"It didn't just touch me — it's touching everybody."
"Brooklyn was instantly speechless as she handed him the cupcake. I explained to him that he makes our day every Thursday."
Have you been judged by others for a parenting decision you've made? Let us know what happened in the comments!
Sweet! No, like, REALLY sweet.
Because, sometimes you have to do Whatever It Takes to get your job done.
"For both of us, it's healing and rewarding to come in and see these families, much like us years ago — struggling, sad, heartbroken, trying to figure out what they can do to help the baby."
This dog's willing to lend a paw to just about any household chore.

It's the next best thing to being on Chip and Joanna Gaines' show!
Do you agree, Grey's Anatomy fans?!
You can't beat that location!
Flaky, cheesy and so easy to make!
WATCH: Jean Chatzky handled her shoe snafu this morning like a champ!
The seemingly immortal meme makes Gosling literally scream in a goofy new video.
WATCH: Zookeepers got an adorable surprise at the Prague Zoo last weekend!
"We continue to believe that this is the right thing for Target,'' the company told TODAY in response to the boycott.
What changes when you have kids? EVERYTHING. For Jenna Bush Hager, spring break with Poppy Lou is quite different from her college years.    Your turn! Share in the comments the one photo that best demonstrates how your life changed after you became a parent. We may use your pics on TODAY.    (The TODAY Parenting Team is brought to you by JOHNSON'S baby #LittleWonders)
"Yes, it's THAT Anthony Weiner."
Gloria Estefan is in the building!
Try saying this one simple phrase to change your whole day.
But you can pre-order it!
You do you, Chrissy!
A must-read for parents.
"I was just looking in the mirror, and I thought, 'I look my age.' And my next thought was, 'That's OK! What's wrong with that?'"
"I learned how to express myself through art and am so happy to be able to give that gift to other kids now."
"I couldn't have imagined it turning out any better." Learn more: on.today.com/248Qqej
It's true — some of the best skincare products can be found in the drugstore beauty aisle!
What's your pick for the most overrated tourist spot?
"You can rebuild your body at any age. You can learn something new or start a new life."
We know Bruce Springsteen loves a "Pink Cadillac," but Saturday he was all about "Purple Rain."
WATCH: Let this be your reminder to throw your sheets in the wash! on.today.com/1N94CM5
He is precious, Kelly Clarkson!
Ovarian cancer is so deadly because it's notoriously difficult to detect – this may be an important symptom women and doctors can look for.
"Let's get our heads together and change the conversation of mental health," Prince William said.
Happy birthday, Kelly Clarkson!
"I explained that one day, if they were lucky, they would work a job like that young lady. And I would hope that people would see them. Really see them. Look them in the eye and say thank you."
Prince performed "Let's Go Crazy," and spoiler alert: everyone went crazy.
"When I got into the colleges, I told my mom, I was like, 'Oh, these acceptance letters are as much mine as they are yours.'"
WATCH: Willie Geist breaks down this incredible clip of a reporter in Texas saving a drowning passerby. Watch more #SundayTODAY highs and lows: on.today.com/1VRSQfz
WATCH: Willie Geist talks about his interview with Ice Cube for #SundayTODAY!
We're definitely making this ASAP!
"I said, all right, what have I got to lose?"
See why!
Take your cooking to the next level!
"To everyone in the grocery store who saw my daughter licking the green peppers and putting them back: you're welcome for the reminder to wash your produce at home before eating it."
One of the strangest paths to callous-free feet we've discovered.
YESSSSSSSSSSS!
We're glad they're OK — and that they have happy news to share!
No. 2 is so obvious, but we often forget to do it!
Looking to spruce up your home this weekend? Martha Stewart has your back.
Your frantic search is over!
Are you bold enough to chop it all off?
Susan Sarandon sheds light on her spirited debate with Debra Messing.
For Earth Day and beyond!
We love what these brands are selling!
Chocolate and berries for breakfast? We're in.
Never end up at an overpriced, underwhelming restaurant again!
It's not every day you get a lesson from the master himself.
We're fascinated by the living room chandeliers….yet we kind of love them!
"I swore I would never be there again, be here again. I couldn't imagine a day again that I would weigh over 200 pounds."
WATCH: This man recorded his proposal with an aerial drone — and the footage is awesome. http://on.today.com/1VHOsQX
Want to raise financially responsible kids? Check out these tips.
Victoria's Secret announced that they're focusing on three "core merchandise categories."
We're taking notes from the Gilmore Girls stars!
*Squeals*
"Which ones do you want?"  "Always"  "Always what?"
"Being a working mother and ensuring both my job and my child get exactly what they need is the hardest thing I've ever done. But you managed to make it nearly impossible in a single afternoon."
The actor never says the line "You talkin' to me?" in interviews, but did Matt Lauer get him to cave?
Happy birthday, Charlotte Rae!
Instant guac gratification.
"I'm intimidated by Gwen all the time," Blake Shelton revealed.
Madonna, Alicia Keys, Sinead O'Connor, Sheena Easton … when it came to writing songs for them, nothing compared to Prince.
WATCH: We're going bananas over this baby baboon and his prime-mate! See more adorable news here: on.today.com/1MNhADk
"I think embracing what we have is also showing that there's beauty in diversity and beauty in every type of hair."
Lesson #1: Be yourself. It's the classic hokey advice we give our children. But Prince lived it.
All the trash she's created in the last 3 years fits in a single jar!
"He talked me through some times I really, really needed somebody," Mariah Carey said.
Happy Earth Day!
Ready for swimsuit season? Change this habit now to reach your healthy weight.
"I've lost one of my best friends," Tamron Hall said.
We'll be pouring out some high-quality maple syrup on our waffles in your honor.
Another reason to love Jessica Chastain!
Find out how Travis Bickle's most famous line came to be!
"I know he would have advice right now, Prince I'm listening as always," Tamron Hall said.
It's the end of an era!
"You can't say this about a lot of people — he touched everybody," Carson Daly said.
Prince had "the masculinity of Teddy Pendergrass, but he could take your girl [while] wearing high heels."
"I want to hate you, autism, but like a child picking petals from a flower, I vacillate between hate and love, loathing and tenderness."
This new study helps explain why some people are such light sleepers and others can sleep through almost anything.
If this is how Sofia Vergara and Kate Winslet get their glow, then sign us up!
We love her new look!
Is there anyone Queen Elizabeth II *hasn't* met?
Is your pet's name on the list?
What do you think of the new cabinetry?
"Sometimes I feel like I just spend all day cleaning the same thing over and over again. I always joke that those 37 seconds when my house stays clean are amazing!"
Earth Day is tomorrow, and here's a practical and fun guide to getting your kids outside in the fresh air.
Famous faces like Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor did it. Would you?
"Thank you for coming though me to become YOU! A shining light full of joy. I love you."
While other bodily functions in space have been speculated about, little has been known about female astronauts and menstruation.
WATCH: Members of Ohio State's diving team engaged in a little high dive hijinks. They created a "slip and slide" on a 16-foot diving platform!
Would you taste this rainbow??
"I definitely feel that it's a sign from God."
"What Bruce Springsteen is to New Jersey, and Kurt Cobain to Seattle, Prince Rogers Nelson was, and is, to my hometowns of Minneapolis and St. Paul. "
"We really had no idea they'd have such a hard time guessing or that we'd all end up laughing so much."
Prince's style and fashion influence will live on forever.
Prince took the visual aspect of performance as seriously as the music itself, creating genre and gender-bending looks that complemented his seductive and sensual sound.  Read more: http://on.today.com/26hF6yr
WATCH: Wait for it... wait for it...
"I snapped this photo and it dawned on me how much Jack looks like Anna."
Happy birthday, Queen Elizabeth!
Happy birthday, Tony Danza!
Long live Prince's purple reign.
Katy Perry, Gene Simmons and a host of other musicians and fans paid heartbroken tribute to the pop icon, who died Thursday at 57.
A memorable moment on TODAY: Watch Prince surprise Bryant Gumbel on his last day in 1997.
Legendary pop musician Prince is dead at age 57: http://nbcnews.to/26h25cR
Attention, Psycho fans!
Happy birthday to Queen Elizabeth! Watch her 90 years fly by in 90 seconds.
Home at last!
"It's someone that I love and respect, so I can deal with it a little bit better," Charlize Theron told Dylan Dreyer.
"If my doctor thinks I'm OK, then I'm OK."
A powerful photo every parent can relate to.
"She had the greatest life."
WATCH: What is it like to have autism? One 13-year-old's heartfelt explanation is going viral. http://on.today.com/210rvI2
Congrats, Meghan Trainor!
It's the final day to vote!
A sign of political correctness or a long-overdue gesture?   Donald J. Trump offers his take on Harriet Tubman replacing Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
We can relate, Chrissy!
Watch the answer that had Donald J. Trump and Melania laughing.
From sharing his own experiences to suggesting how others can support those with autism, we love what this teen has to say.
"I shouldn't have said anything publicly. But, at the time, I didn't think anybody would notice," Katherine Heigl said about her controversial comments while on Grey's Anatomy.
Happy birthday, Queen Elizabeth!
7 of TIME's "100 Most Influential People" landed on the 6 covers. See them all!
Spring cleaning your diet can actually be delicious!
If you own IKEA furniture, you need to read this.
These are the must-have items for spring!
Here's your step-by-step guide!
What's the top new hotel in the US?
Congratulations, Nick Carter Lauren Kitt!
Avocados, yay! Juice, nay!  Find out what else is good – and not so good – for your baby.
Now that's a fine hunk of meat!
When she realized her daughter was acting like a bully, one mom decided to go into full helicopter mode.
Lemurs — they're just like us!
"Social media is great but also a bit scary … "
Aww! Princess Charlotte is so precious on Queen Elizabeth's lap!
"I appealed to all of my schools to get more financial aid and was rejected. I had to think of something."
WATCH: Teenage Brooke Shields has the most adorable reaction to seeing herself on magazine covers.
Twenty years ago, most people couldn't pronounce it. Now, Americans are gobbling up this rich and creamy spread!
You can thank us later.
"I've never been happier in a relationship by any stretch of the imagination."
"I think the best way to describe it is you truly see and feel unconditional love."
Of course, no exercise class is complete without apple juice after the fact.
This home looks normal, until you walk around to the side.
"You never know when you are going to have a good positive effect on someone's life," Virginia firefighter Matt Howell says.
"Everyone deserves to feel like they belong."
We're so excited!
BREAKING: Harriet Tubman to replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
The best day to weigh yourself is...
Congratulations, Megan Boone!
This recipe was a big hit with the TODAY anchors!
We're going to need to re-watch some of those classic rom-coms!
"We know what to expect. It is the great unknown with the first child."
Isn't everyone a winner in Fat Baby Bingo?
Thank you for stopping by, Emily Blunt!
We hate to say it, but we agree with Tina.
See the Aurora Borealis as you've never seen it before!
We have a fresh round of products, folks! Get your votes in now!
If Star Wars is looking for a new Chewbacca, it looks like Prince William might be interested!
Luna has a full head of hair!
Mark your calendars!
WATCH: People revealed its "Most Beautiful Woman" of 2016 in the Orange Room, and we are definitely fans!
"I've never loved my ____."   Jen reveals the body part she's always struggled with. And, though bonkers, it somehow makes us love her more!
Prince George continues his reign as the cutest member of the royal family!
"It's not easy making connections as a senior. But we need it. It's up there with Medicare and Social Security."
"They're carrying Catherine's spirit with them. She will forever be a part of their hearts and souls but wearing the dress is an outward physical acknowledgment of that love."
On the 17th anniversary of the Columbine shooting, TODAY is revisiting one of our most memorable interviews.  Two days after the 1999 shooting, Katie Couric talked with victim Isaiah Shoels' father and Craig Scott, a high school student and brother to Rachel Scott, who was killed in the attack.  "God told me to get out of there."
"This #spring don't forget to #stop and #enjoy the #flowers."
We all have a super power – it's our intuition. Here's how to tap into it!
Earth Day is a good reminder to cut food waste … while also being good to your wallet.
We'll break it down for you.
Cute, crazy or something else entirely? You decide!
Does this mean you should toss out your glasses and buy a supply of copper mugs? Not so fast.
The Dairy Queen Blizzard is getting the royal treatment.
Happy birthday, Joanna Gaines!
"There was a time when I didn't know if the world would ever see my son as beautiful."
The reason 72-year-old Fran Drozdz ran the Boston Marathon was waiting for her at the finish line...
"I pump all day to be able to provide my girls with one ounce of my milk. And I've accepted that's the best I can do. All I can give them is my love and that's most important."
"I hoped that if we met you would see that I'm just like any other kid, a kid worth protecting."
We want to live in Taylor Swift's backyard.
"He usually occupies two thirds of the space in the drawing because this is how big and reliable and protective and kind he seems to his little girl."
WATCH: "This gives my kid an opportunity to be a kid, just the way they are."
"To be honest, it was one of the happiest weddings I've ever been involved in," said the wedding photographer who captured the moment.
WATCH: Best surprise ever!
WATCH: Today is the 60th anniversary of Grace Kelly's wedding to Monaco's Prince Rainier. Watch TODAY's coverage of the couple's 5th anniversary in 1961.
Calling all "Gilmore Girls" fans!
Pregnancy looks different on every woman — and that goes beyond the belly.
WATCH: Flashback! Before Danny DeVito visits TODAY Wednesday, check out this hilarious 2003 interview in which he opens up about his nude scene in "Big Fish."
"If there's someone you'd like to talk to, don't wait to reach out. It may be too late."
We almost didn't recognize Patrick Stewart!
Planning your summer vacation? Start here!
Need dinner ideas for tonight?   Add these 20-minute cilantro-broiled steaks with jalapeno salsa to a tortilla and you have yourself some tacos! http://on.today.com/1SiEeA3
The couple did not "love it."
Hint: Chris Hemsworth's daughter was not a fan.
Is that Yogi and Boo-Boo?!
So quick and easy, even Savannah can tackle it!
Happy Tuesday, Susan Sarandon and Rose Byrne!
And Harry hugged Chewbacca!
Have questions for Susan Sarandon or Rose Byrne? They're in our Facebook Live Booth chatting right now!
The law shields parents even if their child dies from a treatable illness.
Steve Martin explained when exactly he'd be on TODAY in a tweet he sent Monday.
Which sign is your favorite?!
Matt Lauer is in our new Facebook Live Booth! What questions have you always wanted to ask him?
Vote now!
Steve Martin and Edie Brickell are here this morning!
The cast from Everybody Loves Raymond and other celebs have been sharing moving messages following Roberts' passing.
"His reaction was a mixture of joy at hearing the high frequency again, and wonder at the fact that the device worked like magic on its own."
Jeff Rossen wore a Fitbit Surge for 24 hours, then turned it over to police to see how much personal information it would reveal.
Doris Roberts, who passed away at the age of 90 on Sunday, made us smile for years.   Her 2003 visit to TODAY was no exception.
Get tips on dress code, summer jobs and more!
But will it work for you? Here's what the experts say.
#MeatlessMonday inspiration!
Just one more reason J.K. Rowling is the queen of Twitter.
"We've got so much noise in our ears all the time about how to be better parents even though most of us were raised on bologna sandwiches and Tang."
It takes just 5 minutes of prep for fresh homemade salad dressing!
"An unexpected event appears to clear out what you were thinking."  Oh yes, we've been there.
Jessica Biel said 1-year-old Silas is "crawling like a maniac."
Julianne Moore has a doppelganger: her daughter.
"We had no idea she would get so upset though!"
This is the cutest thing you'll see all day!
WATCH: Think you have a great idea? We find Tip #2 particularly helpful.
Congratulations, Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis!
"Look at my little man go..."
WATCH: Flashback! Before Steve Martin visits TODAY Tuesday morning, watch the legendary comedian talk about his rise to fame in this 1981 interview.
Is there a ghost (or two) in this photo?
An important reminder to everyone, from the inspiring Ariel Winter. #MindfulMondays
Which animal cracker is your favorite? Ours is the goat-elephant! No, no... the donkey-cat!
Chris Hemsworth gets another vote for 'dad of the year'!
The Fuller House actor had the kindest things to say about his mom and dad.
Our vote: YES! Please let there be a Dawson's Creek reunion.
WATCH: Will and Kate had a whirlwind week touring India and Bhutan. See the best moments from their trip! http://on.today.com/1QcMEGQ
She's (hilariously) convinced the car is trying to kill her!
We can't decide which is better: his excuse or his accent!
WATCH: A paddleboarder and whale have an extremely close encounter off of California's coast. http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
Would you like (unlimited) fries with that?
In a rare interview, Lewinsky admits she "came very close" to attempting suicide.
Tamron Hall is in our Facebook Live Booth this morning answering your questions!
When she crosses the finish line today, Jami will become the first female double amputee to complete the Boston Marathon.
A difficult experience during her first pregnancy inspired the former supermodel to help expecting moms across the world get access to quality childbirth care.
Clown contouring?! It really works! Learn more: on.today.com/1Sar5eE
Love Kathie Lee Gifford's smokey eyes? See the simple steps to get the look!
Was there a more memorable movie prom than Pretty in Pink? on.today.com/1Jh0g4Q
What's one of the best parts of being in Hamilton: An American Musical? The fans.  See more of Willie Geist's interview with Leslie Odom Jr.: on.today.com/1SeTBtm
"You deserve to be spoilt by your husband and our gorgeous children," David Beckham wrote.
These Boston Marathon bombing survivors are taking some grateful steps, with a 3,000-mile journey to say "thanks" to those who helped their recovery: on.today.com/1TZYbQS
"One day you'll know just how happy, proud, lucky, and blessed you, your sister, and your mama make me," Dwayne The Rock Johnson wrote.
Create a bouquet using flowers from your local supermarket: on.today.com/1M86Mhm
Does the dating service need to rethink its campaign?
"While she is on the stage, she brings so much joy into my life, and I am so happy she has been given an opportunity to dance and show her sassy moves!"
*Crosses "watch kittens and pony cuddle" off bucket list*
For these Boston Marathon bombing survivors, finishing 26.2 miles tomorrow is just the beginning.
Congratulations, Chrissy Teigen and John Legend!
Get a behind-the-scenes look at Hamilton: An American Musical with Willie Geist!
Hear music from this morning's #SundayTODAY and some of Willie Geist's favorite songs this week!
Find out why some experts say the technology could be "really not good."
It's #SundayTODAY! Watch Willie Geist break down the highs and the lows of the week, from one very patriotic toddler to Donald J. Trump's kids.
Live from #SundayTODAY with Willie Geist!
No. 10: The sun can be harmful.
Do you think this video goes too far?
We're still gushing over all of Duchess Kate's looks in India and Bhutan! Check out how to get similar styles in your own closet: on.today.com/1VqJOGl
Enjoy your flowers as long as possible with these tips: on.today.com/1HQnqk8
We're looking forward to #SundayTODAY with Willie Geist tomorrow morning! Don't forget to set your alarms (and your DVRs)!  on.today.com/25PiQvJ
One mom reveals how to get your little ones excited about yoga.
You don't need a royal budget to get her look!
Why?   "Because it's Julia Roberts! Oh my gosh!" Jennifer Aniston said.
"I'm so sick of the fact that it's 2016 and there is still so much stigma around mental health."
No. 5: Don't rush through the process.
3 tips to make the cabinet under the kitchen space less cluttered and more clean: on.today.com/1S5xYhi
"Judging from her skills behind the wheel, I would advise you to stay off the roads in approximately 12 years."
We're less than 24 hours away from #SundayTODAY with Willie Geist! Tune in tomorrow for Willie's behind-the-scenes look at Hamilton: An American Musical.
"I feel like a boy in outer space, I touch the stars and feel out of place."
Princess Diana at the Taj Mahal in 1992, and Prince William and Duchess Kate sitting on the same bench today.   See more photos from the royal couple's visit: on.today.com/20KChSC
Prince William and Duchess Kate walked in Princess Diana's footsteps at the Taj Mahal.
Lost of cheese, brisket and hash browns? Our stomachs are growling!
Who knew there was a way to turn this delicious pub food into a healthy meal?
A royal wardrobe worthy of this elegant duchess.
How many of these have you heard of?
"I got pregnant just to get people to watch Kimmy Schmidt," Ellie Kemper joked.
"There is exhaustion and then there is Mom exhaustion."
Does it have special powers? Is it foiled by kryptonite? TODAY Digital and Meet the Press join forces to explain what exactly a superdelegate is.
WATCH: The anchors swapped faces, Wrangler returned to the plaza, and we mixed up a special TODAY cocktail. Check out this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
"It meant the world to me."
"When I see you all hurting, it makes me hurt too, because I don't even know you all personally, but I love each and every one of you."
A play date so close, yet so frustratingly far away.
It's like our favorite foods had a baby!
The Queen of Morning Routines shares how she kickstarts her mornings at her idyllic New York farm.
See what's it's like to take part in the hottest nutrition trend around.
Feel confident this summer.
From "Mean Girls" to "Pretty in Pink," here's a look back at our favorite movie proms!
Make a cheddar and bacon muffin in a mug in just 2 minutes!   When you want the feels of weekend brunch ... on weekday I-just-woke-up-late time. Gemma Stafford's Bigger Bolder Baking has you covered with these cheddar and bacon mug muffins!
Here's who inspired one of Full House's most famous catchphrases.
Would you try gray hair?
"This is the face my children and my husband love. I think I'll keep it."
It's the 104th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic. Here, a Titanic survivor, talks about the tragedy on TODAY in 1998:
No bribing. No begging. And tip #2 should take a load off your plate.
That balcony's view is out of this world!
Losing weight is not about deprivation, it's about smart choices. Get on track for successful, realistic weight loss that can last a lifetime with these tips.
Two of our favorites! And they both look lovely!
Talk about using the force (and floss)!
We always have fun when Ellie Kemper is here!
Only Will and Kate could look this good on a three-hour hike!
Dr. Biden also shared what she'll be doing after Inauguration Day next year.
If Joanna Gaines says spring cleaning is important, it's important!
"They are my inspiration, and my reason for living," Ariel Winter said of her new ink's meaning.
"Holy crap!"
It's not always about how much sleep you get, but when you sleep.
Eat your heart out, normal wedding gowns.
Salads CAN actually be craveable!
It's the moment fans of The Beatles have been waiting for!
Get behind-the-scenes access to the set of the new "Ghostbusters," complements of Al Roker.
"For 30 years, Kief was the emperor of the parking lot and carpool, and for all those years, Kief has been the heart and soul of Hockaday. He has given us lessons in grace, lessons in courtesy, and lessons in love."
"We all struggle due to our time and responsibilities, yet when we either serve another or receive such kindness, both are transformed."
"They call me a part of their family now, and they are definitely a part of mine, too."
Does this video go too far?
WATCH: After driving from Mexico to his California home, this man discovered an unexpected traveler hitched a ride.
While the intentions were sweet, (everyone wants to feel loved, right?) the reactions from passersby haven't exactly matched up.
Even the brain surgeon who did his operation was astonished: "The fact that you are going to make it to the wedding is crazy."
Who needs a translator when you have a T-shirt?
Talent just runs in the Beckham family!
Cutest dad ever?
Think "The Shawshank Redemption," only starring an octopus named Inky instead of Tim Robbins.
Gift shopping made easy!
The film explores the beloved Star Trek actor's life and career.
Space out salon visits with these handy tips!
A difficult experience during her first pregnancy inspired the former supermodel to help expecting moms across the world get access to quality childbirth care.
This is as decadent as cheesecake gets!
Cory and Jack are turning their tiny businesses into giant ventures!
"The kids getting to see Marlee upbeat, happy and brave instead of the sick girl they were imagining made it a celebration."
Wowza!
Congratulations, Kelly Clarkson!
"Recognize that it will be a struggle. It's never going to be easy. Try to laugh at times. If you can laugh and cry through a lot of it, one day things will not be easy, but a little easier."
Go behind the scenes of Ghostbusters with Al Roker!
And Millicent explains why she picked the cat over the dog!
Congratulations are in order for our pal Ellie Kemper!
The royal tour rolls on with a little archery!
Hello there, Nessie!
"This is the one thing that's been mine about my personal life," Taylor Swift said about Calvin Harris.
A total hoot and a holler!
Natalie Morales is answering questions in our Facebook Live Booth. Ask something you have always been curious about.
"If you want to be Adam, you can be Adam. That's not going to change [you] in my eyes. You are still here to play football."
"I don't need a man. I can support five men."
"It has a lot of sentimental value, but my past will be somebody else's future."
FREEZE! Don't let these items go bad in your fridge
Sadly, the magical foods are not cake and doughnuts.
We promise: It's easier than it looks!
After a long, emotional wait, Ally Babineaux – known as the "Bionic Bride" for the mechanical pump that replaced her ailing heart shortly before her wedding – finally got to meet the family of the teen-age girl whose donated heart gave her new life.
"His mom's the most excited person you'll ever meet in your life," Amy Schumer said of boyfriend Ben Hanisch.
Are you constantly negotiating with your kids over their bedtime?
We can't believe it's the same kitchen!
"While she is on the stage, she brings so much joy into my life, and I am so happy she has been given an opportunity to dance and show her sassy moves!"
The photographer states that the project "started as a joke" but that it's "a serious work."
"She saved my life more than anyone will ever know."
What makes an apology resonate as truly heartfelt? Six important ingredients, a new study suggests.
"To expect someone to look like her pre-baby self immediately is odd."
After mourning the loss of his beloved dog Molly, Anderson Cooper has found a new furry pal.
England's Twycross Zoo says this type of play is common among young apes – but we doubt many of them can bust moves like Lope!
"My bond with Natasha is very, very intense. We've hung on to each other through the years and she means the world to me."
We can ALL relate.
"The atmosphere in the truck was very intense."
"My daughter Gillian's rose-colored dance bag sits untouched in my mudroom. It has been almost three years now. My heart aches every time I walk by it, but I can't move it."
"As soon as my wife saw kids floating in the backseat, she called 911."
As if we didn't already adore Anna Faris and Chris Pratt!
It's hard to beat Dwayne The Rock Johnson as a Mother's Day gift!
Bridget Jones's Diary premiered 15 years ago today, and we're still in love!
Tell 'em, girl!
WATCH: While Robert De Niro's claims contradict science, the actor shared his strong feelings about autism's link to vaccines on TODAY.
Let's all say it together: "Squeeeee!!!"
Happy National SCRABBLE Day!
WATCH: See if "clown contouring" really works!
De Niro made some sweeping — though scientifically debunked — claims: "As a parent, I am concerned."
"If he hadn't started (racing), then I probably would've still been fussing over about how I'm shorter than most other people, and that I usually keep coming in last place.''
"It wasn't the dream that I had hoped for, and it would have been easier to fan the flames of resentment, disappointment and anger," Jennifer Lopez said.
Alright alright alright, it's… Matthew McConaughey?
Savannah Guthrie is here testing out our Facebook Live Booth this morning. See what she has to say.
The renovation will be done just in time for Inauguration Day 2017!
Do you think there are benefits for kids using a landline phone at home?
Cross these actors off the list!
WATCH: Are you ready for some warm weather?!
WATCH: They may be babies, but those rhinos and elephants are a bit bigger than George and Charlotte. Right, Will and Kate?
We can't get enough of Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis' reunion!
We're not sold on the pudding… but we could get down with the rest of these snacks!
Pajamas all day? Yes, please!
We'd never get sick of those views, John Cusack!
In 43 seconds your hands will be squeaky clean!
Tackle that closet with a little help from Martha Stewart!
"I sank to my knees and held Rodney while they treated him."
"Nowadays I just think, to hell with it. I am going to wear what I like; I am going to wear my hair long. The key is not listening to what other people tell you."
"We couldn't think of a person more needing a boost than someone who had just lost everything."
Even a non-royal could afford this pretty frock.
Greg Murray was photographing a rescued mastiff who looked sad no matter what he did. Then inspiration hit: PEANUT BUTTER.
"A birthday celebration is a time when a child is the center of attention in a really positive way. It definitely has an impact on their social and emotional development."
"Equal pay for equal play. It's a pretty simple concept."
Kourtney Kardashian opened up about her personal life to Kathie Lee and Hoda this morning.
It's a small and simple design, but it packs a lot of meaning for Lea Michele.
"I thought I knew what love was, but holy cow, I did not. I could never have imagined the kind of love I have for my children," Drew Barrymore said.
Happy birthday to Beverly Cleary, who turns 100 today!
We'd happily work in the "new" office!
"This is not a test."
What's more fun than 101 Dalmatians? A beach party with 600 corgis, of course!
Happy birthday, Beverly Cleary!
A good night's sleep for you starts with a good night's sleep for them.  By NBC News Brand Studio and JOHNSON'S baby.
Something was missing from the TODAY desk this morning...
Is it dinner yet?! We can't wait to whip up Mike Maroni's spaghetti and meatballs!   You can find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1T1s0OI.
Little Paige, who had broken 10 bones before she turned 3, was cast-free on her April 6 birthday – for the first time ever!
Gwyneth Paltrow — just like us!
"Sex is not love, sex is not intimacy."
Kathie Lee and Hoda are keeping up with Kourtney Kardashian this morning!
Would you prefer your child skip standardized tests?
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! We'll help you figure out exactly how to celebrate with this quiz.
To make this year's tax deadline, follow these tips!
"I'm still me and nothing about that has changed," the former NAACP chapter president told TODAY.
Give it a try!
We'd call that an eventful (and terrifying) fishing trip!
Want to travel the world without breaking the bank? Here's how.
Your feet will definitely thank us later.
Happy National Fondue Day! As if we needed an excuse to eat a big vat of cheese… Thanks to The Melting Pot!
Scott Eastwood's announcement that he's joining the "Fast and the Furious" film franchise included a touching tribute to his "close friend," the late Paul Walker.
The wallpaper in Dianna Agron's bedroom makes us want to bust out in song, just like in Glee.
"Any time I struggle, I look down at my bracelet and I know how far I've come."
Rid yourself of paper clutter!
"It's worth the few negative comments if we possibly saved a life with this warning."
Love #4: Your story should be subtle enough to convey a message without the moral being "in your face." Kids can smell morals. And they smell like Brussels sprouts.
Is this line a compliment or cultural appropriation?
Here's everything that's happening in Stars Hollow.
"Be thankful for even the hard times. It doesn't mean that we're not frustrated because that's not real, especially as new parents."
"He's just the best thing," Carrie Underwood said about her son.
Is there anything cuter than watching Chris Pratt's 3-year-old son get bass fishing lessons from his proud papa?
Babka is back! This amazing chocolate Nutella babka is a knockout.
"There was a lot of laughter, a lot of shock and a lot of 'Oh my Gods.'"
You know exactly which disaster zone we're talking about.
It's National Pet Day! We're celebrating with this group of very sleepy puppies. Be sure to give your pet a little extra love today! #MindfulMondays
The pregnancy, the couple's first, has been going well, with no complications and no signs of early labor. We wish them luck!
Madison Pruitt's dream to be a police officer came true, and we're so happy it did.
There are actual homes at Walt Disney World — and they are beautiful!
Happy anniversary, Hugh Jackman and Deborra-Lee!
No. 1: Contouring is great...but only when you can't detect it.
We totally agree!   From Busy Mom Gets Fit to you, here's why it's important for moms to take care of themselves: http://on.today.com/1YpuBDo
Jacob Tremblay was feeling the Force when he named his adorable dog!
We didn't know we could love Melissa McCarthy more… and then she said this.
The restaurant owner's fascination with the royals is legendary in Mumbai!
It's a Daly family favorite!
Chris Pratt's speech is so sweet!
Good morning, Sir Ben Kingsley!
It started with an offhand comment from a friend who meant no harm.
We'll be doing each of these ASAP!
"Some days I feel like I should win best mom of the day award, and some days…"
It's a good day when it starts with Kevin Costner!
You'll laugh! You'll cry! And you may have trouble going to sleep tonight.
Welcome home, Wrangler!
Look who's back! And he brought news: We're getting a new puppy!
"An entire generation has grown up and has never really witnessed this event."
"You lose more than just the uterus. You lose a lot of the hopes and dreams that you had for the future."
For women who are battling breast cancer, the treatments can leave behind painful burns and skin so sensitive that even a cotton T-shirt, never mind a typical bra, would be excruciating to wear.
TODAY's New Baby Basics shares some tips and advice for new parents on hiring that first babysitter. See the full New Baby Basics series here: http://on.today.com/1V51JSN
"She represents not just hope; she represents reality."
It's amazing what removing a wall can do!
See how the visually impaired can now "hear" photos on Facebook.
"Emily is so much more than her wheelchair. She loves sports, arts, comics, music and more. She's a force to be reckoned with."
We are in love with the outside of the HGTV stars' new home!
Strawberry season is here!!
Don't need to be afraid of cleaning the oven! Here's your guide.
We could eat this sauce by the spoonful!
Well this isn't good.
Spoiler: Duchess Kate slays in three-inch heels.
Find out Alex on the Plaza's favorite places in New York — besides the plaza, that is!
Anita Hill reflected on her legacy in an interview with Savannah Guthrie.
Standing too close … weird smile… won't let you out of a conversation. Know anyone like that?
Bonus: They're super comfy!
With so many options, Martha Stewart is sure to have one you'll love.
Adele's makeup artist revealed the secrets to that cat eye!
Preach, Jennifer Aniston!
How do astronauts tell it's morning out in space?   Here's what mornings are like aboard the International Space Station.
When that pizza craving hits… and you simply CAN'T handle waiting for delivery!
The unlikely hero? A paper clip!
Coconut oil is so versatile... it's nuts!
Enjoy spring produce while it's at its best – and cheap!
"I celebrate you with an ache in my heart and a gratitude beyond all gratitude that God made someone as amazing as you and that I was allowed to love you at all."
The views of the Manhattan skyline are amazing!
See how this veteran is channeling his inner Fred Astaire!
To the tune of "I'll Be There for You," Michael Breach draws all the "Friends" in foam – plus the show's logo!
Just when we thought Jacob Tremblay couldn't get any cuter...
Which presidential name would you pick?
"Madison's lifelong dream was to become a police officer so she could protect people."
One of our favorite childhood treats is actually super easy to make at home!
A bite from the lone star tick can lead to an infection that causes fatigue, headache, fever, muscle aches — and, most bizarrely, an allergy to a popular food.
"I've had parents and children thank me for being there because they're showing these kids that no matter what, they need to follow their dreams."
"Was so happy to have met lil' Sally Walker Collins, who just turned 1. When she was 5 months old she had open heart surgery and has been an inspiring lil' fighter since that day."
Historic on the outside, modern on the inside!
"It's a learning experience and I'm feeling better and stronger and I'm happy."
Watch the TODAY anchors remember their best blunders — and find out which star has a crush on Carson — in this week's #SliceofOrange!
Make your #HappyHour a buzzworthy one!
Meet 6-year-old Zari!
When it comes to her kids, Brooke Shields isn't afraid to get tough!
We have a crush on Britney Spears' kitchen island...
You go, ladies!
"I had to think creatively…people are crowdfunding everything else, why can't I do this?"
Coffee with a view (of the Milky Way)!   Here's how astronauts aboard the International Space Station start their day.
Duty calls!
See if your children's names made the most popular list!
Hilary Duff's throwback photo is nothing short of spectacular.
Meet Smokey Jr., who had an eventful Thursday when he was rescued from a Florida fire!
We LOVE this item!
Turn April showers into fun!
Get well soon, SJ!
Al whipped up his creamy carbonara primavera this morning, and we cannot wait to try it!   Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1PYGdai
Here come the brides!
It's official! Melissa McCarthy is returning to Gilmore Girls!
We love Drew Barrymore's daughter's yoga outfit!
"When I saw the cover, I was taken aback," Kerry Washington told Matt Lauer.
Willie Geist ranks this pasta as one of his top three Al Roker favorites.
Bernie Sanders was asked about healthcare, gun control litigation, as well as what New Yorkers really care about: corned beef or pastrami?
"I'm happy that we can show him that not everyone is bad and that there are some people out there with genuinely good hearts."
Not a bad plan for Inauguration Day, Michelle Obama!
Kerry Washington's joining us in Studio 1A this morning!
TODAY's town hall with Bernie Sanders is underway.
American Idol went out with a bang (and a "She Bangs")!
Watch Matt Lauer's full interview with Hillary Clinton here.
This feels very Downton Abbey to us!
Thirsty Thursday never felt so good!
The mother of five looked so glam, Kathie Lee compared her to Jessica Rabbit!
Help bagged slaw realize its true potential (and make yourself a healthy lunch in the process)!
The author of "Happier" shares how he makes his mornings run smoothly – even with kids in the picture.
SheaMoisture products can now be found in the beauty aisle, where every woman belongs.
Have you ever tried pasta for dessert?
"I've always had a mistrust of adults." — Dr. Seuss
We absolutely love Laura W. Bush's advice.
"What amazed me about them was their resilience and self-sufficiency. They never asked for anything and assumed they'd be homeless for the rest of their lives."
"I came down in a taxi, and knocked on the door, and Nora came to the door. And she said, 'I thought I'd never see you again, what a beautiful surprise.'"
"Everybody says, 'We love that there is somebody with a normal body!' And I'm like, 'I don't feel like I have a normal body.'"
"No matter how long your child lives, every baby is loved."
This can't be good for the resale value.
That time I lost my faith in sisterhood — when no one told me my skirt was tucked into my tights.
Willie Geist fans, rejoice!
Barbara Bush is giving us so much morning inspiration!
"My husband didn't fall in love with books until he fell in love with a little girl, and that's my favorite story."
Who knew carbs were so versatile?
"How is it that my hubby ... gets to sing with THE Garth Brooks before I do?" Carrie Underwood joked.
Bernie Sanders will join us for a live town hall on the TODAY plaza Friday morning. Leave your questions for the Democratic candidate in the comments below!
"We brought our own sand. It's artisanal sand...We got it on GOOP."
How can two identical children's train tracks look so different in length? Internet, meet the Jastrow illusion!
"I hope they see that we are humans, not just props or tools."
"These girls … fought so hard in my belly to survive," their mom says.
This is better than The Bachelor!
"This was the easiest choice I made all year," said high school senior Shelby Butler.
After 2,080 shows and over 1,000 bottles of wine, Kathie Lee and Hoda celebrated eight rollicking years together (with help from surprise guests).
"No one else compares," Cameron Diaz said.
Which man was really right for Carrie on Sex and the City?
It happens to all of us!   By our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby.
"For a long time I was hesitant about sharing our story… But then I said, screw that. I can save a life," Tamron Hall said.
Alyssa Milano is throwing us back to her style in the '80s, and it's amazing.
"I realized that you don't have to be wounded in combat to have these invisible wounds. We all have places in our lives that we have to take our legs off."
Rainy days CAN be fun!
We love this dog's bedtime routine!
If food labels showed how much you'd have to exercise to burn off the calories, would you still chow down?
You won't need a nap after this pasta!
Would you try this?
Have dry skin or allergies? Your remedies might already be in your fridge!
We're loving the hair, Alyssa Milano!
A lot can happen in just three hours!
Mindy Kaling must answer the ultimate question: Willie Geist or Carson Daly?
American Idol may be ending tonight, but Ryan Seacrest has lots to look forward to!
Where they lead, we will follow!
Good morning, Mindy Kaling!
"He reminded me that I chose the right career."
Craving a large slice of pizza? Get ready to walk for 1 hour and 22 minutes.
Hedgehog lovers, this is for you!
This is ridiculously cute!
How's this for an epic birthday bash?
Nothing says "we all die alone" quite like wrestling with the clasp on a bracelet.
Can you believe this is the same kitchen?!
"I got my first kiss from her."
"Pregnancy is a privilege, and even though my journey has been bittersweet and emotional, I know how lucky I am. I was blessed with the amazing feeling of three babies growing inside of me."
Think you'd make a great Real Housewife? Wednesday, we put our plaza fans to the test … with some help from The Real Housewives of New York, of course! (NBC and Bravo are both part of the NBCUniversal family)
This is taking hair tattoos to a whole new level!
This gives cake a whole new meaning!
"Kindness really is contagious."
"These days, I make it a point to stop and tell mothers of tiny babies how beautiful and special they are, even if they are in mid-squawk and ESPECIALLY if the mother looks flustered. I am paying it forward, because that advice and those words I received at my support group saved me."
Here's what spring looks like from coast to coast -- thanks to all who shared photos! (And for those who have snow, cold and less-than-spring like weather, we feel your pain.)
Happy birthday, Candace Cameron Bure!
We can only hope to look this good at 90! #lifegoals
"We thought it was important that she see there are people in this world who will be judging her based on her age and gender, and she needs to stand up for herself."
Check out a sneak peek of Natalie's visit to the set of American Idol, courtesy of Ryan Seacrest. Tune in tomorrow on TODAY!
"These women deserve to have something beautiful to wear. We want to make sure the products are not only functional, but make them feel really good."
How do you talk about politics with your kids?
It gave us Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood!
Fashion model Iskra Lawrence's clever photo is getting rave reviews for taking the bite out of body-shamers.
"We are in absolute shock how much attention it's gotten,'' said the woman's mom. "I joke that if I knew how much it would be seen, I would've cleaned the dirty countertops!"
Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy wants to put an end to siestas, and we have a lot of feelings about that.
"Runners have a fellowship," says the police sergeant who helped a fallen runner finish a half marathon. "It has lifted my spirits to fight, fight, fight for a cure."
The twangy singer of popular songs like "Okie From Muskogee," "Mama Tried" and "Workin' Man Blues" had just canceled his April concert dates as he recovered from a recurring bout of double pneumonia.
Take a tour of the HGTV stars' new home!
Michael Jackson was still sweetly involved with his daughter's birthday.
"I think I was at an age where mortality was not always clear to me," Jake Gyllenhaal said.
The Scandal star called out Adweek on the altered cover.
Did your little one leave their artistic mark on the wall? Grab the toothpaste!
It's hard out there for a gorgeous actress!
Watch as 5-year-old Lizzy Myers, who is losing her sight, is blessed by Pope Francis.
Excuse us while we search for flights to Florida.
Excuse us while our hearts melt all over the place.
Congrats to the happy family!
Look very closely! Do you see something?  (And no, it's not the Japanese flag.)
The anchors are still raving about this dish!
We love The Sandlot-inspired name!
The seats are usually listed for $1,595 apiece, but that's not what these turtles paid!
Is nonfat, low-fat, reduced-fat or whole milk best for your children?
Are you being shortchanged by coin-counting machines? One expert said he was "shocked" at the results we saw.
"The elevated risk was especially high for those who were young and those who lost a relatively healthy partner."
Get your BLT fix in noodle form.
This busy YouTuber, stylist expert and TODAY Beauty Tastemaker, shared her morning secrets and shortcuts as part of our ongoing series.
"This is my night song, sleep 'til it's light song, too tired to fight song!"
"Motherhood, in all its beautiful significance, is a job I do not want."
Crying it out, pre-bedtime bottles and more A-plus tips to help you get those Zzzzzs.
Jessica Alba is one mom who knows what it's like to juggle work and family.
Important questions first: for starters, how much chocolate should we be eating?
When your dad's John Travolta, parallel parking's even more of a struggle.
"Ever since I can remember, I've been a 'bigger girl' and I'm completely fine with that. I'm strong and powerful."
"They ask,'Is JoJo my new dentist now?'" the golden retriever's trainer says.
Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik are more than just a couple — they're a Vogue couple.
"It's gone on way too long. I never wanted it to go more than a few months."
"I do feel like Jack may have had something to do with the infinitesimal chance that we would have a surprise pregnancy at my age."
We're guilty of mispronouncing #16…but it just feels so right!
"People with disabilities like beauty and fashion, and like to look good like everyone else."
"She's glamorous, and I don't really like to go mean with my comedy."
This new feature can let a visual impaired person know objects, how many people are in the photo, if they're smiling – even if it's a selfie or a meme!
"I go between a size 6 and an 8. Glamour put me in their plus size only issue without asking or letting me know and it doesn't feel right to me. "
Could singing be in Peyton Manning's post-football future? Maybe … but probably not.
"I'm crazy about my kids — I'd live and die for my kids — but ... these cute little muses of mine drive me nuts sometimes!"
Lisa Steger joked, 'You're not going to hurt me, right?" Her passenger, who appeared to be in her late 80s, smiled and said, "Oh no, honey."
Loving siblings and a lullaby? It's almost too sweet!
"He always knows the right thing to say to make kids feel at ease."
"I know what happens and it's gut-wrenching to be there ... It's heavy."
"Everything in this house really just reminded me more of bad times than good, and I wanted so badly to have a happy life and start over."
Workout clothes aren't just for the gym anymore. Or are they?
These futuristic beauty products are out of this world!
If we could double date with any couple, we'd choose Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone.
You take the good, you take the bad…
The gang's all here!
The "Father of the Bride" actress explains how empowering it feels to tell her mother's story.
"The only thing I care about, my life's mission and the only thing that matters as of now, is that my daughters know…how much I love them," Drew Barrymore said.
Marcia Clark opens up about "the trial of the century" – and how she was treated as a second-class citizen.
We'll leave this beauty routine to Gwyneth Paltrow.
We're sending our well wishes to Abby!
"We've taken back control of our sleep — and our life. OK, at least our sleep."
Do you struggle getting your kid to sleep? It's a challenge for all new parents -- we're here to help!  Dr. Jodi Mindell, a professor of psychology and a sleep expert working for TODAY Parenting Team sponsor JOHNSON'S baby, will answer your questions in the comments. Ask away!
Melissa McCarthy really brought this "Pocahontas" song to life on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon!
Would you try the new trend?
Miranda Lambert hit the red carpet with guns blazing.
Once you know how, it's actually easy.
Move over, burrito bowl!
Tip #1: Consider the kind of flooring you have.
Calling all cheese lovers!
Are you suffering from PTBD (Post Traumatic Bang Disorder)?
"I was trying to figure out: I'm home, he's overseas — how am I going to handle this? The baking was an automatic go-to."
"Next thing I knew, he grabbed the wall and fell."
"I am so proud of my man!"
Any new parents out there just going back to work after baby? Hang in there! Here's some advice from moms who have been there, done that.  Introducing TODAY's New Baby Basics series, where we tackle the top questions asked by parents... with heart and a little humor. heart emoticon See the whole series here -- http://on.today.com/1V51JSN -- and tell us what topics we should cover next!
"We're really superheroes, trying to house and grow a baby for ten months."
For some people, their is somthing especially annoying about typos and grammar errors.  If that sentence bothers you, you may be an introvert.
This home needed a miracle, and it got one!
These '90s trends are still there for Jennifer Aniston.
What happens when the story doesn't end with happily ever after?
"We have a problem."
"It brought us such relief to know he would start the day on the right foot."
"No snooze button. I'm not going to wait for the alarm clock."   Find out more about this coach's morning routine, sponsored by New York Lottery.
In honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
"It's a circus, for sure," Kristen Bell admitted to Ellen DeGeneres.
We can't stop staring at it!
"A bright sunrise will contradict the heavy fog that weighs you down."
The Property Brothers' tips make it an easy decision!
Today marks the 48th anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s death. Watch him talk civil rights on TODAY in 1966.
It's difficult to find a tougher trio of fighters this adorable.
Taylor Swift's bodyguard is good at his job AND funny.
This vibrant pasta is perfect for spring!
"The needs were of these families across the nation. Unfortunately, they're not getting a whole lot of help. And they don't ask for it," Operation Finally Home founder Dan Wallrath said.   "I saw the need and decided to do something about it."
"To play myself, I'd be totally bored."  We don't believe that, Melissa McCarthy!
Leave it to Natalie to tell it like it is!
From hair tools that cut your drying time in half to stretch mark saviors, there's something for everyone.
The Property Brothers break down when to buy what by the month!
Tracy Morgan revealed what happened while he was in a coma, and why he's now "at peace."
Dylan declared this her "favorite pasta dish on the planet!"
Bring it in, Carson Daly and Matt Lauer!
You never know who might be in the car next to you!
It's a party in the Orange Room with the Property Brothers and Melissa McCarthy!
The Property Brothers managed to (barely) fit in the #MiniRoom!
Run, Chihuahua, run!
Are you really getting what you pay for in your Starbucks morning latte?
It may be spring, but it doesn't feel like it today for millions in the Northeast!   Here's what you can expect.
A recent study found that women age 40 or younger were disproportionately at risk.
It's the best time of the year for veggie lovers.
Because not everyone gets the red rash!
Mornings made easy!
Proving once again that women are beautiful at every age.
The FDA is taking steps to reduce inorganic arsenic (the more toxic form) in infant rice cereal.
We're getting hungry just looking at these recipes.
"Always listen to your body and understand what it's telling you!"
Plain ol' hot dogs were so last year.
All our '90s dreams have come true!
This is the "trend" that might actually be catching on…
"Media exposure does not account for everything."
What's that price again?
These parents nailed it on Facebook this week!
Your morning just got easier.
Look out for #4 on the list!
From bleeding gums to a newfound snoring habit, some crazy things can happen when you're pregnant.
Our most popular story this week: What it's REALLY like to be on HGTV's show "Fixer Upper."  (Psst! Secret #4 is big!)
Tip #17: Babies don't care what the nursery looks like.
Organizing your home this weekend? Try this trick!
"I can sleep anywhere except in my own bed."
You'll need this when it comes time to spring clean the kitchen!
See the sweet way Natasha Gregson Wagner is honoring her mom.
"This was my first time playing hopscotch on duty, but I'll always do whatever I can to break the ice and say 'I'm Zach.'"
Now that makes more sense.
Some sad news out of Hollywood about Drew Barrymore and her husband.
"Hopefully it will comfort those who are going through it, and also show people who don't understand what it is like for the women who do go through this."
Because Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner still live on the same property next door to The Real Brooke Shields, do you think they'd come over for a backyard BBQ?   Because that pool is everything.
"This is what you would look like if you were standing behind Jay Leno doing his monologue," Chris Christie told Jimmy Fallon.
"We're praying a lot and trusting God through these next few weeks."
Don't ya hate it when you can't remember where you put your spoon?   Thanks to all the funny Facebook parents who gave us a giggle this week!
"As parents of three kids, how do you go home and just leave them there looking like that?" Krystal told TODAY.com.  So they didn't.
Breakfast just got a whole lot cooler — literally!
"I decided that I should talk to my toddler about her sleeping...and by talking to her, I mean I told her, 'If you get out of your bed before morning, dinosaurs will get you.' Don't knock it until you try it."
Nearly 100 fellow passengers helped one man turn the trip into a tribute to his beloved sister.
"Getting a great little lifetime note on my arm."
Gwen Stefani isn't the only celebrity with a hilarious prank — see Ellen DeGeneres' too!
One little piece of office supplies (yes, office supplies) is all you need!
"I've been coaching five sports for 11 years and this is the only team I've coached where I would consider doing this."
Take it from the experts!
Do you feel better about yourself as you age, like Jessica Alba does?
Many details of the new "Jungle Book" are under wraps, but last night Kimmel viewers got a tuneful sneak preview from its star.
This is a real recipe, we promise!
Is it weird that we're obsessed with the dining room's windows?
And five where it's OK to spend less!
Iman remembered her mother with a touching message.
This is how you do #HappyHour TODAY show-style!
This year the National Parks Service turns 100 years old, and three parks — Yosemite, Denali and Grand Teton — are teaming up with Subaru to try to eliminate all of their landfill trash. http://on.today.com/1Y4uDAw  By Subaru of America, Inc.#TMYK #DontFeedTheLandfills
"In my heart, I knew she was already gone."  This mother's tragic story is a must-read for any parent before taking their child to the dentist.
Calling John Stamos fans!
"The kids don't know the dangers of his job, but it's something we do, for God to help him with the decisions that he has to make, to have compassion on the people that he's going to help, whenever he goes into work," Jordan's wife told TODAY.
"His reaction to finally landing a job made my heart smile," Cesia Abigail said.
Here are some of Olivia Benson and Elliot Stabler's most precious moments.
This recipe is no joke!
From Silas (Justin Timberlake) to Frances (The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon) to Max (Mark Zuckerberg), these celeb baby names are rising stars.
"People say there aren't enough black models or enough plus-size models, but you do see them. We're still the most invisible group."
"I have a 7-year-old daughter and I know that these images impact them. There's a societal benefit for resetting expectations of what women are supposed to look like."
These pics are priceless!
We love Kelly Rowland!
Just shake it off, Taylor Swift!
A cooking segment on April Fools' Day? Here's what happened!
Congrats times two!
What's the craziest thing you've purchased after a drink or two?
No one was safe from this April Fools' Day prank in the studio this morning!
Illusionist Jeff Hobson amazed Savannah — but Willie Geist looks a little suspicious!
lululemon athletica learned a valuable lesson: Don't mess with Beyoncé's fans!
Score big and save money with these April deals!
Carson Daly's morning routine now includes shaving his legs during the trending segment.
Planning a trip to Mount Rushmore? Here's where Google Maps will take you instead.
It's April 1! How are your New Year's resolutions coming along?   If you need a little push, Jean Chatzky, Joy Bauer and Jill Martin are here to help!  Trying to create a savings plan? Looking to shed some weight? Need help organizing...your life? Ask your questions below and they may answer yours!
Tip #6: Don't kill your feet the day before the big day.
Here's how to master this stylish look.
Homemade is the way to go!
This woman got the makeover she's been waiting for! Check out her new look!
This new spin on Apple's 1997 "Think Different" campaign honors groundbreaking women -- "the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers."
"I've heard it said that reading together is the single most important thing parents can do for the intellectual development of their child. But let's face it, it's good snuggling time too!"
Aniston 101 is in session!
Will the Burgerizza be a home run?
David Beckham said his latest ink took five hours to complete.
From thigh gaps to the A4 waist challenge, here's the latest body image trend.
Do you dare try this new red-hot burger?
"We like to say that our classes bring the sexy back."
After her split from Gavin Rossdale, Gwen Stefani revealed, "I was so scared and insecure and thought it was over for me."
For #TBT, we're sharing one of our most popular projects: a set of 3-D illustrations of our "ideal" bodies vs reality.
What side of the line do you fall on in this hairy debate?
"It's been a hard first part of the year," said Courtney, who lost her husband in February. "Hopefully, some joy will come in the later half."
Matt Lauer's little slip up had a fun silver lining!
"It's been a hard first part of the year. Hopefully, some joy will come in the later half."
"Have you got any vegetable oil?"
"Women keep being told that it takes a village to raise a child, but most of us don't know where that village is. Usually the village is standing back and pointing fingers at the mom when something goes wrong."
She's been known to finish 200 novels in a single summer.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Amazon.com Kindle FreeTime.
Kate Upton was thrilled to see women of all shapes — including Ashley Graham, Ronda Rousey and @Hailey Clauson — grace the latest Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue.
What's the strangest thing you've done while sleep-deprived? We asked our TODAY Parenting Team for their sleep confessions, and they did not disappoint…  The TODAY Parenting Team is sponsored by JOHNSON'S baby.
Tip #11: Gray is your friend!
Gorgeous, Cameron Diaz!
What would you do if this happened on your flight?
The new cabinet color is bold and beautiful!
Do you dare try Burger King's red-hot burger?
"She probably won't be able to experience a dance herself," 15-year-old AJ explained.
We are stunned — and hungry!
Matt Lauer learned how to make Coq au Vin this morning, and now you can too!   Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1UWEHNP.
We love these rescued sea lions at the Georgia Aquarium, and apparently one loves Natalie back!
"I brought it to school and all my friends were like, 'Wow, that's really cool. I wish I could shoot sparkles from my arm.'"
Because dads can be cool too, right?
The right primer can help you conceal, smooth and secure your skin. See which one is best for you!
Hoda Kotb had a third co-host today: Dylan Dreyer's husband!
Who's in?!
Look who surprised Dylan, who's co-hosting with Hoda Kotb: her husband!
We can! We can handle the truth!
Melissa Joan Hart and Robin Givens have invaded the Instagram #MiniRoom!
They sure aren't shy!
Little Adam's quite possibly the fastest toddler we've ever seen!
Dwayne The Rock Johnson and Zac Efron are hitting the beach!
Download these apps and start seeing the financial rewards!
Al Roker's paying a visit to our Facebook Live Booth this morning! Tune in to see what your favorite weatherman has to say behind the scenes.
The women have shattered ratings records for soccer games in America. They've also won three straight Olympic gold medals and three World Cup titles overall, while the men have never won either.
This son's surprise made his mom tear up — and us, too!
This Australian reporter made a new friend, although she doesn't seem too happy about it!
Have you been placed on the "mommy track"? Here's how to find the best female-friendly workplaces.
This little girl's business is getting a lot of buzz – and helping bee populations in the process!
This dressing only has a few ingredients… and we can pronounce all of them.
Talk about fast food – this pizza is ready in minutes thanks to Gemma Stafford's Bigger Bolder Baking.
These students are learning that one book just isn't enough.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Amazon.com Kindle FreeTime
Age is just a number.
You know to paint, but do you know what color to paint with?
"I look back at things that have happened in the past, and I look at where I'm now, and it's crazy."
"As someone once told me, kids are better than sleep. It's true, but I sure could use a nap."
Tattoo sleeves have never looked so literal.
"I went into nurse mode and realized what had to be done."
This puppy's devotion will make you saw "awww-men."
From bleeding gums to a newfound snoring habit, some pretty crazy things can happen to the female form while incubating a tiny human.
This family's Star Wars costumes ROCK!
Ever wonder how to spend a $1 billion on a wedding? Hint: include Jennifer Lopez.
"The crazy thing about it is, we never actually got to see the baby."
Watch him solve the Wheel of Fortune puzzle… Every. Single. Time.
"Can you imagine them asking some of these guys I work with, 'How do you keep your butt looking so good?'" Melissa McCarthy said.
Joey Lawrence came face-to-face with a very different joey!
Life is definitely busier when there's a toddler in the mix!
An important warning – this painful disorder of the uterus affects 1 in 10 women of reproductive age.
Start planning now to pull off these cute April Fools pranks on Friday!
Lisa Kudrow is speaking out about gender inequality in Hollywood.
Yes, you can make Girl Scout Cookies at home! And they're so easy! on.today.com/21gOBZy
What Star Wars name would you pick?
The best-selling author, who had repeatedly described her book as fiction, explains why she lied about the truth.
Whoa! That time Joey Lawrence met a joey!
Selfie in the mini room!   Looking good, Naomi Campbell, John Cena - WWE Universe, Al Roker, Tamron Hall and Willie Geist!
Leonardo DiCaprio's special nickname for Jennifer Lopez is cracking us up!
Carson Daly is in our new Facebook Live Booth for the first time! Check it out.
"They decided to lie about lying, and now they're lying about the lies that they lied about."
John Cena is here to co-host the 9! But before then, he's hanging out in our brand new Facebook Live Booth.
We love the name – and the story behind it!
Donald J. Trump continued to defend his campaign manager over accusations he grabbed a reporter hard enough to leave a bruise.
Would an apology have prevented Donald J. Trump's campaign manager from being charged with battery?
What's your favorite way to cook with asparagus?
Calling all seafood lovers!
If you're planning on spending any time outside this summer, it's important to keep in mind the major signs and symptoms of Lyme disease.
What's the strangest job interview question you've been asked?
Oh Oreo, we love you just the way you are. You don't need fancy flavors to win our hearts.
Patty Duke starred on television and won an Academy Award, but may be even more celebrated for her advocacy for people with mental illness.
"Guess they gave him the good drugs," Olivia Wilde joked.
You don't get to keep the furniture?!
This newborn baby taught his parents the meaning of a spring shower!
"When a 15-year-old boy comes to ask you if he can mow your lawn, you expect them to say they need money for video games or something like that."
"We were joking that it was a brotherly competition and it ended in a tie."
"This is the perfect age to allow our children to make their own decisions and let them figure out who THEY want to be, not who society says they should be!"
Disney's Fairy Godmother gave one grieving mother a moment to remember.
"The stories saying that Sean was going to adopt Jackson and all of that were not true. It's not something that happens in 18 months. You can't do that to a child. "
"Getting only four or five hours of sleep a night contributed to my transformation from a positive person to a critical one ... That was not how I wanted my children to grow up."
"I promised God in the second grade I would pay off you guys' house and help you retire. A promise I would never break. The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt by the heart."
Bruce Springsteen may have rocked the stage, but Mama Boss stole the show!
One thing is clear: Jenna Bush Hager's daughter Poppy loves the beach!
Her personal best: 245 pounds!
Actor Wentworth Miller has put online bullies in their place with a heartbreaking message.
No. 2 seems like it could be a major offender!
"Every day she is a reminder that God has been so good to me."
Actress Patty Duke has passed away at the age of 69. http://nbcnews.to/1RxieRK
From hair to makeup to skin – these tips will have you get out the door faster!
Well, Ashton Kutcher's daughter wasn't disappointed!
This is one of the easiest dinners you can make!
Here's what to know next time that ice cream cone falls or last bite of cake kisses the ground.
They were "shining, shimmering, splendid!"
"There's always going to be an issue with vaccines because all vaccines are the same, and all people receiving them are different."
Yes, it's true, Savannah is co-hosting Kathie Lee and Hoda today!
FRIENDS (TV Show) is still there for us!
"I think that other shows will crop up very soon. And I do absolutely welcome that," Samantha Bee said.
"It's almost as if she hasn't noticed that she's not here. And that is so sad… and oh, so wonderful — all at the same time."
"It's a terribly difficult thing," Bob Wright said about his wife Suzanne's pancreatic cancer diagnosis.  We are sending our love and well wishes to the Wright family.
Get out the door looking beautiful with this 4-minute makeup routine!
"My teenagers now are like, 'I could have had Brad Pitt [as my dad]!' My son said, 'I could've been amazingly handsome. But no!'" Melissa Etheridge said.
Want to reduce stress and improve your sleep?  Try this!
"It's over," the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for Cyprus said in a tweet.
Here's the verdict!
Giddy up!
A hijacker claiming to have an explosive belt diverted a commercial jet and was holding seven people hostage Tuesday over what appeared to be a "personal" matter involving a woman, authorities said.
Prep these the night before so you can grab and go!
It only takes two steps!
Want to kick-start your day? Try these 3 simple yoga stretches.
The "Scream Queen" is the latest celebrity to follow this hot hair trend.
"Well, first of all, it could be decaf. Second of all, I stopped drinking alcohol, I stopped partying, I don't do Botox anymore."
"I'm happy every single day I'm working. I come in with a smile on my face and leave with a smile on my face."
"Things may get tough but there will be plenty of opportunities to have a good laugh during the middle-school years. Even if it's at your expense!"
Harrison Ford calls his daughter, Georgia, his "hero."
Calling all fans of "The Nanny"!
Happy 30th Birthday, Lady Gaga! We're celebrating with this inspiring quote from the singer. #MindfulMondays
"Depression and anxiety are one part of me. There are times when they become really loud and they are the thing that is taking over… but there are times when I'm living with it… The smiling person is also a part of me."
BREAKING: U.S. Capitol building on lockdown after security threat.
"It's not about being the prettiest girl on TV."
"I've had people say I'm a child abuser," says Milla Bizzotto's father. "But this is just something she really wants to do."
Now that's daddy devotion!
Come again?
The couple's 31-year age gap has several wondering if their love is the real deal.
See how taking a gap year changed Tom Costello's life.
Amen, Adele!
Parents know the best way to get their babies to sleep is with a 3-step bedtime routine. Share your secrets for getting your little one to drift off to dreamland!   From our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby.
Happy birthday, Lady Gaga!
So many reactions in one photo!
Even John Cena - WWE Universe is a fan!
Happy (belated) 90th birthday, Gene Shalit!
Get ready! Matt Lauer is co-hosting Kathie Lee and Hoda today with Hoda Kotb!
Thanks for joining us, John Cena - WWE Universe!
Our anchors put Oz Pearlman's mind-reading skills to the test — and we were blown away!
One thing is clear: Kelly Clarkson's daughter is NOT a fan of the Easter Bunny.
"This tragedy didn't have to happen. They didn't have to die."
Lightened up, but just as delicious!
Congratulations to the first-time parents!
Dickinson says she won't let the fear define her.
There were laughs… then tears… then laughs.
Just like us! Apparently royals also get teased by their families.
With hidden cameras rolling, Jeff Rossen purposely left iPads behind in hotels and rental cars, then tried to reclaim them.
Congratulations, Ivanka Trump!
"People love it! They love to see their pets dressed up, and they love to do things with their pets."
According to LUSH Cosmetics, customers are simply using it wrong.
Put those extra Cadbury crème eggs to work!
"It's hard to not be happy when they're around."
Finally, a good reason to wake up early!
Here's the ultimate trick for storing those plastic bags!
"While standing at the altar, I got a flashback to when I was in the hospital first learning that I was never going to be able to stand again and all the things I wasn't able to do anymore. But I conquered those obstacles."
We're already dreaming about these dinners!
"It's a pregnancy she wanted badly for years and struggled deeply to conceive. Why wouldn't she be proud — and downright giddy — to strut that bump in front of the world?"
Papaw dusted off his spatula for another round of burgers!
Give pastas a springtime makeover!
Psst! Just open the cabinet!
Hugh Jackman made waves in his latest role: a real-life "super-dad"!
Cheers to Easter!
We're re-visiting one of our favorite home tours — from one of our favorite women.
Wishing you Peeps and happiness this Easter!
When it came to their annual Easter Bunny pics, these kids went from tears to 'cheers!'
Happy Easter from our family to yours!
Cleaning this weekend? Let us help you get it done faster than ever.
We have a style for everyone!
Are you a city hall or backyard bride… or something in between?
These two (and their matching Purple Hearts) are doggone precious.
We got some egg-cellent tips from the experts.
Miley Cyrus and Alicia Keys are bringing their talents to The Voice!
"Bring on the cake. I have waited an entire year for this!"
There's a growing body of evidence showing men's behavior before pregnancy may also be important for a child's health.
Ballet flats are not the only option!
Because that thing's a liability!
Need last-minute Easter ideas?
A road-side bomb in Afghanistan left this military dog named Rocky so injured, few thought he'd ever walk, much less run, again. After rehabilitation, Rocky was able to have a very special reunion with Spc. Andrew Brown.
"It is like a perfect fit. I don't know how to explain it, it was just right," says nurse Nicole Boyd, after the adoption of her daughter was official.
"That was my job before I go — I needed to make sure they'd be taken care of."
What are you excited to make for Easter?
"Whether your child would rather pick flowers than catch fly balls, or maintains dreams of professional swimming, you're always going to be his biggest fan. And when you can hold that position in a positive way, you and your child both win."
For all the cheese-lovers out there!
The Zika virus has a new combatant: Elmo!
"Everything you do, you think about how it's going to affect your kids. And you never give yourself kudos for doing the positive things you do for them — you always give yourself a hard time for what you haven't done."
We've got the perfect warmup for your Easter egg hunt this weekend.
No harsh feelings between these former couples!
Watch what goes on behind-the-scenes during breaking news with this week's #SliceOfOrange.
See Ben Affleck open up about Christian Bale's crucial advice, from one Batman to another.
"The amount of negative coverage is overwhelming, but in comparison, thousands of positive interactions happen across the country every day."
See Nia Vardalos reveal how the first "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" came to be — with help from Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson — in this 2002 interview with Katie Couric!
Ben Affleck looked really, really sad during an interview this week and the Internet noticed.
"Indy and I are trying to adjust to our new life at home. To the empty chair at our table and pillow on the other side of my bed."
Alert: we have a winner for Most Valuable Dancer!
"You can decide for yourself if it was a beautiful family moment or a disgusting act of exhibitionism."
Wrangler deserves only the best.  By NBC News Brand Studio and Merrick Pet Care
"I had always thought my sister and I would be old ladies together. I thought we'd be these crotchety, grumpy old ladies. Then suddenly, that was taken away from me."
Happy 51st birthday, Sarah Jessica Parker!
"I grew up in a very Christian family, and my mother taught us to always pray. I've had to do a little more since I've been a coach. These youngsters will drive you crazy!"
We thought the video was stuck. Nope, it was just an awesome reaction.
"The Potter ones are now in a box in my attic, "J.K. Rowling said.
Fans of egg breakfasts will love this!
Little Chanel kept her cool when she met Jimmy Fallon, but the same can't be said for Jimmy when he met little Chanel.
Our favorite new beauty products that'll make you go… "whaaaat?!"
Congratulations, Leah!
We want to wake up to this every morning!
Who doesn't love a laughing baby?!
See Nick Jonas' new music video here!
Attention parents: Gerber is recalling some pouches of its organic baby food.
She gets a perfect 10 in our book!
What's your favorite Beverly Cleary book?
Fans don't know who's the baby daddy in Bridget Jones's Baby — and neither does the cast!
Sex, religion, kids. Get on the same pre-proposal page as your partner.
"There's something about drinking caffeinated beverages that is associated with pregnancy loss."
"We're hoping to make a real difference in the lives of those with autism, as well as other disorders where something sensory friendly would be helpful."
Looking to redecorate this spring? Target has some promising options!
"That is just something [the kids are] gonna have to grow up with, because if we move to Timbuktu, some fool in Timbuktu's gonna buy a camera and follow us around, if they can make a living off of it."
Yeah, we'd live there after that makeover!
We have a slight obsession with this home's bathroom.
"With almost 40 years in public education, this is one of the finest changes I have made in improving student learning."
You'll always be Aunt Becky to us, Lori Loughlin!
From The Larry Sanders Show to Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee, Garry Shandling was both influential and beloved.
"We try to teach them to love one another."
"When I was younger, I was more insecure. But I always wanted to be me. When you are yourself and you don't try to copy, you get power. And you see that power the more you go on in life."
New government regulations make it clear that even a quarter-million dollars is a low salary by the standards of tech nexus Palo Alto, California. That and more in our favorite story today.
"Warning: Severely sleep-deprived mother can and will exhibit forgetfulness, random thoughts and bouts of tears. If any of these symptoms occur, back away slowly and administer babysitting services or caffeine as soon as possible."
We feel ya, Ginnifer.Goodwin.

"We picked each other up, answered for the other when one was tired and always kept silliness alive."
Shed or not, we'd be happy to work here any day!
"Man, I thought I was doing good with my yoga practice, I thought I was in the gym, but no."
"You will have a fantastic life as long as you make sure you do one thing," John Stamos told his 18-year-old self.
"It is like a perfect fit. I don't know how to explain it, it was just right," says nurse Nicole Boyd, after the adoption of her daughter was official.
"Precious Harley, your life mattered so very much and your legacy will live on for a long, long time to come."
Hearts melting.
Cheers to the newlyweds!
We'll say this: David Letterman seems to be enjoying retirement!
Cindy Crawford's family photos at the Grand Canyon are spectacular — and the scenery's not bad either!
"To put duty ahead of everything else is quite remarkable," Harry says of the long-reigning monarch.
Would you have liked Sex and the City's original pick for Big?
Hulk Hogan is speaking out after winning a lawsuit against Gawker regarding a sex tape...
It's a nice day for a TODAY wedding!
"There is nowhere on the planet that I can think of that she hasn't been," Prince Harry said about his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth.
More evidence that what's good for your heart is good for your head.
After a little bit of rearranging, John and Kaitlin were surprised with a honeymoon trip to Greece!
Sneaking a kiss during the first dance.
Kaitlin and John's first dance.
Congratulations, Kaitlin and John!!
We asked, you voted. Here are your #TODAYWedding winners!
What's the most ridiculous fight you've ever had with a significant other? Our anchors are sharing — and we totally empathize with Dylan Dreyer!
"These are serious times, and you're not behaving like you want to be president of the United States. You're behaving like you're on a reality TV show," Lindsey Graham said about Donald J. Trump.
We're remembering baseball legend, former TODAY host, and our friend Joe Garagiola.
It's the big day for our #TODAYWedding couple!   But they aren't the first pair to say 'I do' on TODAY. Here's a look at some of the others!
"Precious Harley, your life mattered so very much and your legacy will live on for a long, long time to come."
Your tango skills aren't too shabby, Barack Obama!
Tip # 4: Don't put too many items on your registry!
"When Jennifer Lawrence came out and talked about fair pay, she got a big backlash for speaking up about it. It doesn't matter how many zeroes there are — the point was that she should have been OK with taking less. And that's not acceptable in any job."
"Before I start my devotions, I tweet. Every time I read a scripture that I love, I try to get it down to 140 characters."
Because it's not just about the chocolate bunnies... here's how one Christian mom teaches her children the meaning of Easter.
Sometimes it feels like we need a megaphone to get our kids to listen. This video can help, no megaphone required: http://bit.ly/22vPtiG
Give your deviled eggs an upgrade!
A breakfast casserole will make your weekend even better.
"At 9 o'clock, pretty much on the dot, I try to call my mom … She's still one of the most wonderful people I've ever known in my entire life."  Morning Routines is brought to you by New York Lottery.
"Music is not only a healthy pastime, it is a wonderful, creative outlet for kids, and fosters a sense of community necessary to the emotional and social development of any child."
Our style crush on Allison Williams continues!
A new study shows how we use color to express our romantic interest.
Beginner's luck?
Ali Fedotowsky shared that she's "really starting to bond" with the baby.
MANAGE THE MAYHEM!
No bridesmaids' assistance necessary!
"I don't think the picture does that moment justice because it was such a real moment. It's like time stood still."
"We were just happy to bring her back to safety."
"A little bit into the bowl, a little on your lap. You kind of have to go with your gut to know how much to put in each."
"Gia had been so sick every single minute of the day. Months and months went by with us not seeing a smile on her face or joy in her eyes, and the first experience of seeing our little Gia back was when she and Drummer got together."
Which Bible-inspired film is your favorite?
From "brrr" to "baa"! These newborn lambs received a sweet gift in the mail.
"A little bit into the bowl, a little on your lap. You kind of have to go with your gut to know how much to put in each."
"God I'll miss Joe Garagiola," wrote Matt Lauer. "Was part of the soul of our show, and told me stories that made me laugh till I cried."
Try this tonight for an easy, healthy breakfast that your kids will think is actually a special treat!  The TODAY Parenting Team is sponsored by JOHNSON'S baby
Bindi Irwin often speaks of Steve Irwin being with her in spirit — and his truck was with her for the exam.
This puppy works hard, and plays even harder!  By NBC News Brand Studio and Merrick Pet Care
Prince Harry has had an amazing time in Nepal, and it's not over yet!
Happy National Puppy Day!
"The Queen and Prince Philip have sent their most sincere condolences to the people of Belgium, the families of those who have died and all affected by the terrorist attacks in Brussels."
Happy birthday, Keri Russell!
All by herself? Not anymore!  Here's the Bridget Jones's Baby trailer we've all been waiting for.
This big fella's snores = the opposite of annoying.
"A man who was in seven halls of fame went in to the hall of faith."
Is your area one of the pollen hot spots?
Watch Adele lead the sold-out concert in an emotional tribute.
How does Sheinelle Jones manage to do it all? The busy mom and anchor is sharing her secrets..
Three women and one man? Not a bad morning, Ewan McGregor!
Here's how you do Easter, Lidia Bastianich-style!
"The way he tries to change the subject is by lashing out and attacking my wife," Ted Cruz said of Donald J. Trump.
It's a Full House this morning with Lori Loughlin co-hosting TODAY's Take!
See how your version of Hanson's hit song matches up!
The beautiful Allison Williams stopped by this morning!
What a transformation! View the Rainbow Room in the 1930s — and now!
"I don't really ever want to step foot back there again, but I need to get home, so I'm going to do what I have to do,'' Sheerine Naraghi told Matt Lauer.
Our teenage selves have been waiting for this!
Our audience on the plaza is sending prayers to Brussels this morning.
"It looked like a tornado...After seeing the terror on his face, it was pretty clear that wasn't an accident."
Matt Lauer is live in Brussels this morning with the latest on the attacks.
"Whether you're 105 pounds or 200 pounds, I encourage women to not be afraid of flaunting whatever body you have."
"What we eat greatly influences our personal health and the global environment."
For anyone other than Adam Levine, it may have been the saddest birthday celebration ever.
Adele made a downright adorable — if we can call twerking that — attempt.
Who sang it better? Who cares?! We're swooning over both Gastons.
Congratulations, Hilary Swank!
Tip #1: Turn off the news. In the wake of the Brussels terror attacks, Dr. Gail Saltz offers tips on helping children cope with scary events.
"Years ago, before we had (commercial) infant formulas, things like this were done and babies got nutritional deficiencies and all sorts of problems. So we've come a long way."
It's not your typical NYC pad!
It's double trouble (or quadruple?) with this twinning prank!
This takes the term "going green" to another level.
LOVE some tender slow-cooker pork!
We were not expecting that!
"I carried her around for almost an hour and she was totally content. We never heard a peep out of her the entire class."
See a young Gillian Anderson reveal the reasons for The X-Files' success — and why she wasn't the original choice for the role of Dana Scully. (And tune in Wednesday to see Anderson on TODAY!)
"Even as I watched the terror replay again and again on my TV, I knew that, no matter what, my children and I will board our plane tonight. ... I won't allow myself to give in to the fear that terror provides, and I refuse to let my kids live in fear of terrorism."
We have a confession to make: We love these paintings!
Happy birthday, Reese Witherspoon!
Is this cat fur real?
"I couldn't figure out why I stood in the middle of the kitchen staring down at a piece of bread. Then I realized I'd just put my cell phone in the toaster."
Fans have responded in a big way, praising Jillian Mercado for being "beautiful inside and out."
"What a smile."
"Terror has no religion."
Malia's using her language skills to help her pop get to know some of the locals!
Did you know the Oscar-nominated actor and "Tonight Show" host starred in sitcom together called "Point Pleasant Police Department"?
With a little help from his friends, Kevan Chandler is off to destinations that his muscular atropy would otherwise have made inaccessible.
"It's a pregnancy she wanted badly for years and struggled deeply to conceive. Why wouldn't she be proud — and downright giddy — to strut that bump in front of the world?"
"I'm so proud of you for so many reasons."
The Eiffel Tower in Paris was illuminated in colors of the Belgian flag in tribute to the victims of terrorist attacks in Brussels.  Photo: Getty Images/Lionel Bonaventure
See the striking new body-positive spot Lane Bryant claims "the networks don't want you to see."
"I think he's overcome extraordinary obstacles to be the kid that he wants to be," said New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi.
Thinking buying for your in-laws is difficult? Try coming up with a gift for the Queen of England!
"Young people, including adolescents, are having heart attacks."
People hold hands as they gather at a makeshift memorial at Place de la Bourse in Brussels.  Photo: Getty Images/Kenzo Tribouillard
ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks, according to a post by its affiliated Amaq Agency. The post was deemed legitimate by NBC News counterterrorism consultancy Flashpoint.
Rob Ford, the boisterous, hard-partying and scandal-plagued former Toronto mayor, died Tuesday.
"I know that Americans have every reason to be frightened by what they see," Hillary Clinton told TODAY in her first interview since the attacks.
"Brussels is a total mess," Donald J. Trump told Matt Lauer and Savannah in response to this morning's attacks.
See the touching messages being shared to show solidarity with Belgium. #JeSuisBruxelles
Hours after at least two explosions ripped through Brussels, here's what we know.
At least two explosions rocked the check-in zone of Brussels Airport Tuesday, while another blast shook a metro station in the Belgian capital.
Start prepping now so you can enjoy the party, too!
Begin practicing your anger management techniques. You might have an IKEA trip coming up!
And all gowns are under $500!
Planning your summer vacation? Check out this list for inspiration!
The rising model, who often goes by Maddy, is an inspiration to all of us.
Watch a young Jake Gyllenhaal talk fame and family — and reveal the advice he got from Dustin Hoffman! (And tune in Tuesday when Gyllenhaal visits TODAY.)
"She had bad lung disease, struggling every day to take a breath …  and now she's dancing."
Instead of ignoring an accidental text from strangers, this man showed up – with gifts!
"With all the sorrow a heart can hold, we are beyond grief at the loss of the most amazing person in our lives."
"Every day I build up a little more strength and try to get a little more aggressive with things I want to do."

"I got to escape and kind of relax. It really took my mind off things."
"I don't know what I was thinking."
"Growing older, for me at least, is really empowering and not in any way daunting."
5 years ago, Joao Pereira de Souza found this tiny penguin, starving and coated in oil, and nursed him back to health. Then, he set him free. And every year since, he has traveled 5,000 miles to visit with the man who saved his life.
Kingston served as the ring bearer, while Zuma carried the bride's train.
"She just lived in the fetal position," said the mother of Anna Beam, who was relieved of an incurable illness after falling out of a tree. Now they're "so grateful."
"I was uncomfortable and unhappy," the "Modern Family" actress says. "I chose surgery because of how I felt, not because of what anyone else thought."
We spend much of our lives chasing happiness, inspiring a growing field of research devoted to finding out what makes us content. Experts say it's not always what you think.
Happy World Poetry Day! We're celebrating with this inspiring quote by Maya Angelou. #MindfulMondays

Watch this camera go where only some stalks of bamboo have gone before!
"That's one of the prerequisites for the job … To be a flower lady, you should be 90, at least."
Before the stars of My Big Fat Greek Wedding puckered up, they, well, puckered up!
Stop the constant sneezing before it happens!
We can't believe it'll be 20 years since Diana passed.
From the Dead Sea to the Western Wall, check out Kathie Lee Gifford's special tour of Israel!
Welcome spring with this light and delicious meal!
Watch Reese Witherspoon belt out her signature song!
Worried about the Zika virus while vacationing? Prepare yourself with these tips
Candied bacon?! Yes please!
There's never a dull moment with Kathie Lee and Hoda join TODAY's Take!
Avoid window streaks by following this advice!
We think that's an adorable substitute!
Winner of The Voice Jordan Smith sang for us this morning — a perfect way to start our week!
Our #TODAYwedding couple, John and Kaitlin, is chatting live about their honeymoon options!
Hawaii? Thailand? Greece? You can't go wrong with this vote.
"NO College Scholarships will be Handed Out Today"
Almost 60,000 U.S. bridges are literally falling down.   How many of them are near you?
Hi there, baby cheetahs! Welcome to the world!
The invoice includes a $1,000 charge for not being "appreciative of your mother's support."
Mindful meditation is about the breath and it changes the brain's attention to the pain.
It's amazing what some smart spending can do!
"Perfect marriages are extremely rare, if they even exist."
Who's headed to Oklahoma?!
There's even a "prayer cottage" in the backyard!
The debate is so over.
Ben Affleck got real about his ink.
If you've ever put a luscious mango in the fridge, only to find it sad and shriveled just days later...
"I pay my respects to those who perished and hope to do what I can to shine a spotlight on the resolve and resilience of the Nepalese people," Prince Harry said.
Time to freshen up your look!
Get the perfectly imperfect pants cuff that will stay put all day!
Want. This. Now!!
"Men and women want options that help them feel great about themselves. It's that simple."
No matter what the season, tea can be a tasty beverage. But its benefits go far beyond refreshment.
Happy first day of spring!
For many teenage girls, periods are not only embarrassing to talk about, but they're also expensive.
If any health claim sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
Don't forget the cardinal rule!
Ditch the traditional, sugar-laced candy basket, and opt for something healthier.
Less cleanup means more time to enjoy!
Duchess Kate opened up about Queen Elizabeth's relationship with Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
This property has been "home" to several celebs, including Justin Bieber.
Make this brisket over the weekend and thank yourself later!
This area of the world tends to focus on the positives in life.
"It's a piece of history, and it's something that will be hopefully in our family forever."
"No one really knows the total gem of a soul that Dolly Parton is."
Welcome to Instagram, Pope Francis!
Simply too cute!
Tom Colicchio shared that he lost his father right before he took his first job as a chef.
Shopping for your dream wedding gown? These dresses will be available on April 7.
If your #MarchMadness bracket busts, console yourself with BBQ meat loaf sliders!
Nia Vardalos thought she was a guest at Rue McClanahan's dinner party — until she was asked to cook the meal.
Has Susan Sarandon ever not been amazing? We're celebrating her visit to TODAY Monday with this 1982 clip where she opens up about her first Oscar nomination — and finding good roles. "I'm interested in films that are between men and women," she said. "I like exploring that relationship."
Get your dinner planning done for the week!
#HappyHour with a #MarchMadness twist!
Excited for the "Gilmore Girls" revival yet?
Make this letter of the alphabet to get rid of the most dust and allergens!
"I just hope now that the Purple Heart has been recovered that they will put a marker designating that on his grave."
At most, men spend an average of $224 on a single date, while women splurge an average of $93. That and more in our favorite story today.
Pies were flying in the studio and the March Madness bracket battle is on. Take a look at this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
Here's a taste of the Mechanic Resurrection trailer. Full trailer will post tomorrow.
Here's a taste of Mechanic Resurrection trailer. Full trailer tomorrow.
Finally got to meet one the greatest action stars the world has ever seen. The legend.....Jackie Chan!
Tyre change. @AudiSport #lemans24
Tom Kristensen known as Mr Le Mans has the most wins of any driver at the 24 hour race. He racked up 6 consecutive wins plus 3 others giving him a total of 9! #lemans24
My good friend Dietmar Voggenreiter always getting the last laugh. #lemans24
Oliver Jarvis Lucas di Grassi Marcel Fässler Benoît Treluyer. @AudiSport #lemans24 #LeagueofPerformance
24 Hour Le Mans 2016!
Fast 8 is now underway! #F8
Massive respect to Goldie for his musical brilliance over the years and for my long awaited sweatshirt. Cheers pal!
Thanks to everyone at @RalphLauren for a great night at the Met Ball 2016.
New LG G5 Commercial. #LG #G5 #PlayMore https://www.facebook.com/LGMobile/videos/1181014081909910
Here's a little look at my new project with LG Mobile, launching soon. I'll post the full commercial tomorrow. #LG #G5 #PlayMore
Excited to share the first look at my new project with LG Mobile. I'll post the full commercial on April 1.  https://www.facebook.com/LGMobile/videos/1176336825710969/.


The car we took for a burn! Audi R8 LMS.
Getting some racing tips from Frank Schmickler and my good friend Dietmar Voggenreiter at the race track over in Ingolstadt. It was a pleasure to also meet Dr Ulrich and the Audi  Motorsport design team. Under his leadership, Audi has won the 24 hours of Le Mans thirteen times!
Great to see my good friend Jet Li in China over this last week. One of the greatest martial artists of all time. Massive respect and inspiration.
adorable
get it!!
<3
hilarious
#wordstoliveby
too cute
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
Join me LIVE as I answer your #IceAge #CollisionCourse questions. Ask your questions in the comments below!
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
definitely guilty of these...
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
nailed it
#yesyoudo
#wordstoliveby
ummm... say what?!
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#weneedpeoplelikethis
#wordstoliveby
The Friendable app from my #aintyourmama video is my favorite app for bringing my fans together. #JLOVERS Check it out
this is too much
too real
what a cutie
#likeaboss
#younglove
wow what a story
all smiles
#itstheweekendletsgetit
#rebirth
VEGAS!
mind blowing
take me there
wow
omg!
#wordstoliveby
#snapoutofit
near tears
#summertime
family photo?
Natalie, Janick, Nellie and Whitney look amazing in their limited edition tank tops. Get yous fast before they are all out! Represent.com/JLo #LuckyToHaveTheseCurves #AintYourMama #JLoVegasFamilia
I'm not sure about these...
#lookscomfytome
#oops
#wordstoliveby
woohoo!
ouch! #hescutethough
#dreamingofsummer
my dream kitchen
Ready to get your glow on? Stay tuned! L'Oréal Paris #jlo4loreal #brightreveal #comingsoon
wow
#wordstoliveby
#monkeyseemonkeydo
#getinmybelly
#feelslikesummer
#smile
#getthatbootymoving
wow, beautiful
#likefatherlikeson
#purebliss
#justhanginout
#socute!
#stayawayfromme!
get it!
#LuckyToHaveTheseCurves tanks are selling out fast! Get yours here NOW: represent.com/JLO #JLoVegas
beauty
I love being a mom. And as a mom, I want my kids to grow up loved, healthy, and educated. Other moms around the world don't have the same luxury. Join me in the #GlobalMoms Relay. Every time you share, Johnson & Johnson will give to families in need around the world. http://www.globalmomschallenge.org/2016/05/jennifer-lopez-global-moms-love-children-health/ #JNJ
#sotruethough
#justhangingout
#CarnivalDelSol is this Sunday @DraisLV Beachclub. Don't miss the party! Tickets: bit.ly/jlo529
#wordstoliveby
#sotrue
#hilarious
#AlliHave rehearsals wearing our limited edition tank tops! Get yours fast before they're all gone! represent.com/JLO #JLoVegas
#beanoptimist #wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
WOW! Thank you so much for the FOX Teen Choice Awards nominations! Please vote for me in Choice Drama TV Actress & for Shades Of Blue in Choice Drama TV Show. Vote here: http://www.teenchoice.com
#wordstoliveby
lol
#heytherelittleguy
#wordstoliveby
#likeagirl
I designed this limited edition tank top just for my squad - you included. Get yours here before they're all gone! represent.com/JLO
Oh man...
#wordstoliveby
Party on a rooftop paradise as I host my debut of #CarnivalDelSol @DraisLV Beachclub feat sounds by @Makj & @CiphaSounds! Tickets: bit.ly/jlo529 #JLoVegas
#wordstoliveby
#nailedit
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#readyforanothertrip
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#purebliss
#wordstoliveby
#WCW On all these talented beauties... Kerry Washington Kirsten Dunst Regina King Julianna Margulies Sarah Paulson Constance Zimmer
Thank you! The Hollywood Reporter. #ShadesOfBlue #FYC #THRroundtables
#wordstoliveby
#whatchathinkinbout
#cringeworthy
Strong women need the tools to match! Xtava keeps my hair looking fierce. https://xtava.com/product/allure/  #xtava
What we missed last week #lol
wow so cute
so cute
LOL #nowimhungry
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
not sure what to think of these
me
too cute
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#lookup
#wordstoliveby
Thanks for hanging out with me today! Don't forget to request Ain't Your Mama on the radio and buy the song right here: smarturl.it/AintYourMama
#wordstoliveby
Let's chat about #AintYourMama
Stay tuned for my Facebook Live! I'll be on soon! #AintYourMama
these are too funny
Thanks for this sweetie!
Join ME this afternoon for a FACEBOOK LIVE to discuss everything #AintYourMama.  Leave questions here for me to answer! See you later!
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
MORE #AintYourMama #BTS #60's
#vintageisntalwayscool
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
this is beautiful
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
Reminding women to stand in their own power! Thank you Hillary Clinton for leading by example #AintYourMama #BePartOfTheConversation #TimeForChange #GirlPower
adorable
#wordstoliveby
So helpful
Too cute!! Gigi Hadid #AintYourMama
Happy Friday!! #AintYourMama Video Is On Vevo NOW! http://www.vevo.com/watch/USSM21600795?utm_content=sf1708754&utm_medium=spredfast&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=Global&sf1708754=1
SNEAK PEEK! #AintYourMama Music Video TOMORROW!! #BTS
so cute
#wordstoliveby
Wow! SO Crazy....#IfYouHadMyLove came out 17 years ago TODAY! #TimeFlies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYfkl-HXfuU
WOW
#wordstoliveby
Go green
#loveyouall
Yum
#wordstoliveby
Need
#wordstoliveby
beautiful
Can't decide which is my favorite
how pretty
Cheers to the weekend!
When the week really gets you
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#takemethere
#wordstoliveby
#gofetch #socute
#dontleaveme #whatacutie
Too cute
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
Pet love
#feelthelove
LOL
Thanks for having me yesterday SAG-AFTRA Foundation!!  https://youtu.be/X5mn9MSH1I4 #ShadesOfBlue
Shocked and soooo sad!! #RIP PRINCE #music #legend #gonetoosoon
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
yes I can
#wordstoliveby
Wmagazine May 2016 cover! Such a fun shoot. #WMagazine #JLoVegas #ShadesOfBlue #AintYourMama
#wordstoliveby
Shades of Blue is NBC's Top Downloaded Show In March! #ShadesOfBlue #Season2ComingSoon
What cuties
#wordstoliveby
smile
Obsessed
yes it is
GET #AintYourMama NOW
#wordstoliveby
Interesting
#wordstoliveby
So cute #myheartismelting
#wordstoliveby
Flattered
#wordstoliveby
Escape
too cute
love this
Heartwarming
#wordstoliveby
Thanks American Idol #AintYourMama
#tbt
I'm Performing #AintYourMama TONIGHT On The Finale Of American Idol! You Don't Want To Miss It! #NoMorePlayingVideoGames
#AintYourMama Lyric Video
Streaming now on Spotify!!! #AintYourMama smarturl.it/AintYourMama_Spfy

#AintYourMama is available now on Apple Music smarturl.it/AintYourMama
#AintYourMama TOMORROW on iTunes!!!
Need this
#wordstoliveby
Moms are the best.
Stop and smell the roses
Incredible
Shoutout!
That's some serious talent.
Inspo
Are you ready?! #AintYourMama
I've got a secret to share with you...  Head over to the American Idol Facebook Page to find out what it is. #AintYourMama
Can't wait for this.
#wordstoliveby
Happy Sunday
#wordstoliveby
Love this
#wordstoliveby
Need this
#wordstoliveby
How interesting
#wordstoliveby
Yum
#wordstoliveby
This is awesome
so adorable
#wordstoliveby
Let's do this. #ShadesOfBlue #ShadesFinaleDay
Here it is! Get ready to LOL.
#wordstoliveby
One. Last. Surprise. #ShadesOfBlue #YouAintSeenNothinYet #BuckleUpForAWildRideTomorrowNight
It's the Farewell Season of American Idol and we're celebrating our biggest fans. This goes out to Karina. I'm inspired by your strength and commitment to your family. Thank you for being such a loyal fan!
Yummy
#wordstoliveby
Let's get to the bottom of this...#ShadesOfBlue FINAL episode of season 1 TOMORROW NIGHT!
#wordstoliveby
#CarpoolKaraoke TONIGHT! LOL! The Late Late Show with James Corden  #ShadesOfBlue
Don't take no for an answer.
The FAMILY is tweeting together for one last time this season!  Join us for a FINALE Tweet & Eat at 9:30pm Est on Thursday. #AskShadesOfBlue #ShadesOfBlue #OneLastLie
It's Carpool Karaoke TONIGHT!  Don't miss the The Late Late Show with James Corden PRIME TIME special @ 10pm EST.  Cannot wait for everyone to see this.  Had so much fun riding around town with James Corden.
#wordstoliveby
HERE. WE. GO. #ShadesOfBlue Season FINALE this THURSDAY....#Buckleup #OneLastLie
Mondays.
#wordstoliveby
too cute
Enjoy your life.
#wordstoliveby
kisses!
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
I'm pulling DOUBLE duty TONIGHT- #IdolLive & #ShadesOfBlue. Tweet your questions at #ASKJLO & I'll try my best to answer them all!
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
Thanks iHeartRadio for the nomination! There's still time to VOTE at iHeartRadio.com/Awards #IHeartAwards #TripleThreat #JenniferLopez
Mondays
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
What a cutie! And an inspiration.
#squadgoals
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
so true
Happy St. Paddy's day...
#ShadesOfBlue all new TONIGHT. Watch WITH me!
#wordstoliveby
You have to try these!
#wordstoliveby
#wordstoliveby
Can't wait to be back at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in MAY! Photo By: Denise Truscello
Had a blast with Pitbull doing what we do Saturday Night.  Thanks for having me! #AXIS #PlanetHollywood #OnTheFloor Photo By: Denise Truscello
NEW episode of #ShadesOfBlue TONIGHT! You think you know...but you have no idea. #ThursdaysWithJen
#IdolTop6 TONIGHT! Don't miss it! #AmericanIdolTheFarewellSeason #ThursdaysWithJen
As the Global Advocate for Girls and Women at the United Nations Foundation, I ask you to stand up for all girls and women this International Women's Day. By 2030, we can make gender equality a reality. Join me and add your name. http://bit.ly/1QARgYW #IWD2016
THANK YOU MTV!! #ShadesOfBlue #JLoVegas #ALLiHAVE #AmericanIdolTheFarewellSeason #TheFosters
I'm celebrating the farewell season of American Idol by sharing a little #IdolLove with some super fans. This one's for you, Monica. You are one strong woman. From the bottom of my heart, thanks for being a fan.
New episode of #ShadesOfBlue TONIGHT! Watch with me at 10pm on NBC!
Heading Back Home! New Record Deal! Epic Records
Once you start watching...you're in for good!  All new episode of #ShadesOfBlue TOMORROW night at 10pm on NBC!
I'm on #WWHL TONIGHT @10pm EST! Don't miss it!
It's another SHADY Thursday,  New episode of #ShadesOfBlue TONIGHT at 10pm on NBC!
There's always a TWIST! New episode of #ShadesOfBlue Tomorrow night at 10pm on NBC! Watch WITH me.
It's easy to get sidetracked by things that pull you off course. You look up and the day is gone, or the year is gone, or 20 years are gone. Make the decision that you're not going to waste any more days. Spend your time wisely.
Catch the Feelin! Download this new single from Jonathan Osteen and Lakewood's band LYA. Get more info on lyamusic.com and check them out on https://www.instagram.com/lya #LYAmusic #whatisthisimFEELIN
Discover the secrets to living a life that is blessed by God and full of His goodness and favor. No more thoughts of barely enough or a "just get by" mentality. Position yourself to receive God's overwhelming, abundant provision.  Be encouraged by Joel's special, 7-message resource, "7 Secrets to a Blessed Life": http://c.osteen.co/7secrets
God knows what He's doing. He can see things that we can't see. Don't talk yourself out of doing something you know you're meant to do. God will use you to brighten people's day, to push them toward their destiny. You'll never be good to others without God being good back to you.
There's something powerful about being able to start over. Whether you need a brand new start in life or just a fresh start on your week, you have the opportunity to begin again at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23 at Comerica Park! Join Joel and Victoria for an inspirational evening—book your seats now: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016   Don't forget to share this with your friends and family!


Sometimes the reason people don't give you what you want is because they don't have it. Love, kindness, affection, nobody gave it to them. If you're trying to get it from them, you're going to be frustrated. Let them off the hook and go to God for what they can't give.
God has entrusted us with our children. They are a gift from God. With that gift comes a responsibility to guide them, nurture them, and encourage them to become who they were created to be. Speak words of life that push your children into their destiny, that help release their dreams.
Matthew 5:45 says, "Rain falls on the just and the unjust." No matter how good of a person you are, no matter how much you honor God, there's going to be some rain in your life. The difference is that when you honor God, the storms may come, but when it's all said and done, you'll still be standing.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 9:15am ET/8:15am CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
You have been chosen and set apart before the foundation of time. You didn't get here by accident. You didn't just happen to show up. God breathed His life into you. You have a destiny to fulfill, something that no one else can accomplish.
The new single Feelin' from @jonathanosteen and his new band LYA is out! I know you'll enjoy it. You can check them out on Instagram @LYA and lyamusic.com
Every time you say, "I'm proud of you. I love you. You're beautiful," God releases strength into your child. He releases value, confidence, wisdom and favor. Those are not just nice words, it's what the scripture calls the blessing.
Happy Father's Day! Remember that as a father, you have something to give your children that nobody else can give—the God given authority to bless your child. Thank you for your strength and the faithful example you set for your family. #FathersDay
It's important to give your children the blessing—to model excellence and integrity. Let them know they're made in the image of almighty God, and that they're extremely valuable. Tune in to Joel's television broadcast, "The Blessing," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area: http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
Your value is not dependent on how somebody treats you, how they make you feel, or how many compliments they give you. It's dependent on the fact that you're a child of the Most High God, and you know He has already approved you. That's where you get your value.

God has put His favor on you, and His favor always causes you to triumph. When you're tempted to be discouraged, keep declaring: The favor of God keeps my enemies from defeating me.
If My Heart Could Talk, by Dodie Osteen is now available! In her new book, Dodie Osteen gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith and family. Dodie shares that her path has not always been easy. She gives us an intimate look at her life, from contracting polio as a child to battling cancer and losing her husband, all with her beautiful heart and sense of humor. Read this amazing journey of healing, hope and victory! http://c.osteen.co/94lp
I'm so proud of our son Jonathan, his band LYA and their debut single, Feelin' out today! Download it now lyamusic.com and check them out on https://www.instagram.com/lya #LYAmusic #whatisthisimFEELIN
All of us have been hurt in some way.  You can't live very long without making a mistake or being hurt by someone. But too many people go around focusing on their mistakes, focusing on what they've been through. You've got to get out of that mindset; that's not where you belong. You are a child of the Most High God.
You can't go around thinking thoughts of lack and struggle and expect to receive abundant blessings. Stay in faith, declare God's promises and receive His blessings!  Discover God's blessings and goodness in a whole new way with Joel's special, 7-message resource, "7 Secrets to a Blessed Life": http://c.osteen.co/7secrets
Is there something that you have given up on? You think it's never going to work out? Let these words sink deep into your spirit: It's not over. God has not brought you this far to leave you.

The scripture says, "Be confident of this: He that began a good work in you will bring it to completion." You haven't missed too many opportunities. You haven't made too many mistakes. Begin again. Get your fire back.
Choose to rejoice today. You have the grace not to just endure this season, but to enjoy it. When you're content, you see each day as a gift, you appreciate the people in your life, you thank God for what He's given you, and that's not only making you stronger—it's developing your character.
The scripture says, "You overcome evil with good." You don't overcome disrespect with more disrespect. You do it by taking the high road, by being the bigger person, by staying respectful. The most mature person walks away first.

Be filled with expectation for all God wants to do in your life. When you step out and dream big, it's not possible for you to stay the same. Join Joel and Victoria for an evening of incredible worship and encouragement at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23! Book your seats today and share this with a friend: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope

Before you go to work, before you go to school, you've got to get prayed up, praised up and encouraged. You've got to set your mind that it's going to be a great day. Don't let your guard down. You cannot go into a negative environment in neutral; you've got to get filled up, and be encouraged.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.  Plus, Listen to the premier of FEELIN' the new single from #LYAmusic
Every morning when you wake up, declare that it is going to be a great day, that you're excited about your future, you have the favor of God, and no weapon formed against you will prosper. Declare: I am strong. I am healthy. I am blessed. Every time you do that, you're being filled back up.
We're not always going to understand why something happens. True faith means trusting God when life doesn't make sense. God promised that if you will stay in faith, He will take what's meant for your harm and use it for good.
Our heartfelt prayers go out to the victims, their families and all those affected by the terrible tragedy in Orlando.  "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in the day of trouble." Psalms 46:1  #PrayforOrlando
Many times we don't realize that God is speaking to us. We feel an impression on the inside, a prompting to be good to someone. That's not random, that's God talking to us. The Holy Spirit is in each one of us to guide us and direct us.
How much higher would we go, how much more of God's favor would we see, if we would just obey Him? Learn to obey that still, small voice of God by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Just Obey," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
Let someone else have the last word and you keep your peace. You keep your joy. That doesn't make you look weak, it's just the opposite—the strongest person is the one that humbles themselves and steps back.
God works in seasons. He moves people into your life and moves people out. Here's the key, not everybody can go where God is taking you. The higher you go, the tighter your circle will become and the more selective you have to be. God wants to take you further.
We create much of our own unhappiness with how we respond to negative situations and how we approach life. When you develop the habit of always thinking about God's goodness and seeing the best, life goes so much better. That's how you have joy despite what's happening.
God desires for you to live in His best, and with Him, your life can be filled with greater blessings and victory!   Joel and Victoria are coming to the Boston area! Make plans to attend this inspirational night of hope, worship, and encouragement. Book your tickets now: http://c.osteen.co/b1vv #NightofHope

Our God is all-powerful. He spoke the worlds into existence, and He has you in the palm of His hand. God didn't create you to do something average, to go through life unfulfilled, unrewarded. He created you to do something amazing. He's put seeds of greatness inside of you.
How you start the day determines what kind of day you're going to have. When you wake up in the morning, it's easy to lie in bed thinking negative thoughts. You don't realize it, but those thoughts can set the tone for a lousy day.  This new devotional from Joel & Victoria Osteen will help you start each morning right by setting your mind in the right direction and expecting God's goodness and favor. Lay the foundation for a blessed, productive day in the first few minutes of your morning. When you wake up to hope, you'll not only have a better attitude, but you'll see more of God's blessings and favor. http://c.osteen.co/qctx
If you're facing a difficulty, God has strategically put you there. He wouldn't have allowed it if you couldn't handle it. It may be a big challenge, but it's no match for you. You've got the most powerful force in the universe breathing in your direction.
God has given you the grace you need for each season. Bloom where you're planted. Thank God for what you have. Make the choice to enjoy your life.
Get this down in your spirit: You serve a God who loves to bless you, and He loves to bless you abundantly! But it's essential that you develop a "blessed mentality." Start expecting to be blessed!  Draw in the abundant blessings of God with Joel's new, 7-message resource, "7 Secrets to a Blessed Life": http://c.osteen.co/7secrets
When you tell people you're proud of them, you're blessed they're in your life, those aren't just nice words, those are seeds that will move them toward their purpose.

God wants you to experience His abundant goodness and live out His promises in your life! Get ready to be encouraged to live with hope and expect God's blessings by joining us for America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23! Joel and Victoria have an unforgettable message to share with you. Book your seats today: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
Some people have to have the last word in every argument. Let it go. Quit wasting your energy. You have a destiny to fulfill. You have an assignment to accomplish. Those are distractions trying to pull you off course. Don't waste your valuable time on things that aren't moving you toward your purpose.
Are you accepting things that are less than God's best? Have you adapted to a limited environment? Dare to break out. Nothing will be sadder than to come to the end of life and realize what you could have become.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
When we're discontent, it dishonors God. We're so focused on what we want that we take for granted what we have. Being content doesn't mean we don't want change, we just settle where we are, or give up on our dreams. It means we're in trusting God's timing.
If you sow disrespect, you'll reap disrespect. If you sow sarcasm, discord, or judgment, then you're going to reap those things. But when you sow kindness, encouragement, and mercy, that is what you're going to reap.
Paul said in Philippians 4:13, "I am self-sufficient in Christ's sufficiency," not in our own strength. When we know that the God who created the universe lives in us, equipped us and empowered us, then we can put our shoulders back and hold our head up high knowing that if God approves us, we don't need people's approval.
Don't rely on people. What they do or don't do doesn't determine your worth. What they give you or don't give you cannot stop your purpose. God breathed life into you. He crowned you with favor. You have everything you need to fulfill your destiny.
You can feel good about who you are knowing that God handpicked you, and He's put seeds of greatness on the inside. Learn to base your self-worth on what God says about you by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Don't Rely on People," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings

Life has a way of pushing our dreams down. When we make mistakes and get off course, it's easy to live guilty. But God knew every mistake you'd make. He's not in the condemning business, He's in the restoration business. He wants to put you back on the right path so you can still become who you were created to be.
Believe in faith for God to do amazing things in your life! Let go of anything holding you back at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23! Join Joel and Victoria for an amazing night of hope and encouragement. Spread hope by sharing this with a friend! Learn more: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
The moment God put a dream in your heart, the moment the promise took root, God not only started it, but He set a completion date. God is called the Author and the Finisher of our faith. He wouldn't have given you the dream, the promise wouldn't have come alive if He didn't already have a plan to bring it to pass.
It's good to have goals and dreams, but while we're waiting for promises to come to pass, we shouldn't be discontent with where we are. Learn to enjoy the season that you're in.
God is called El Shaddai—the God of more than enough. He is not the God of barely enough; He's not the God of just getting by. Our God is a God of abundance, of overflow, of life-changing blessings!  Develop a blessed mentality with Joel's special, 7-message resource, "7 Secrets to a Blessed Life": http://c.osteen.co/7secrets
Ephesians 5:18 says, "Be ever filled with the spirit." Notice you don't get filled one time and then you're done. It says be ever filled. That means on a regular basis, we have to keep filling ourselves up. How do we do it? By making a melody in our heart to the Lord and giving thanks always.
Just as God strategically brings promotions, good breaks and the right people, God will also use adversity, disappointments and closed doors to move us toward our destiny. At the time we may not understand it, but God wouldn't have allowed it unless He had a purpose for it.
If My Heart Could Talk, by Dodie Osteen is now available! In her new book, Dodie Osteen gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith and family. Dodie shares that her path has not always been easy. She gives us an intimate look at her life, from contracting polio as a child to battling cancer and losing her husband, all with her beautiful heart and sense of humor. Read this amazing journey of healing, hope and victory! http://c.osteen.co/94lp

You may be dealing with a sickness, a loss, a bad break. Maybe you feel like life has dropped you, but you need to get ready, God's about to pick you back up. He will not just bring you out the same, He will set you on high and bring you out better than before.
What should have taken you years to accomplish, God can do in a fraction of the time. What He started, He is going to finish! Believe for blessings and favor at America's Night of Hope! Join Joel and Victoria in Detroit at Comerica Park on July 23 for an unforgettable time of hope and restoration. Make plans to attend: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope

You may be up against a big challenge today. You've done everything you can in your own strength. When you come to the end of your ability, when you don't see a way, when all the odds are against you, don't get discouraged. Just keep thanking God for His favor, and He will help you overcome.
Today, we honor and remember our country's fallen heroes. As we reflect on their sacrifice, we pray for God's peace, protection, and provision over all of the brave men and women currently serving in the armed forces. May God Bless America! #MemorialDay
It says in Psalms, "Where there's unity, there's a commanded blessing on your life." That's when you'll accomplish things you couldn't accomplish on your own. Do your best to go overboard to keep the peace.
Keep strife out of your life. When we let our guard down and say things that are disrespectful, hurtful or demeaning, we're not just damaging a relationship, we're opening the door to strife. We're inviting that destructive spirit into our life. That's why the scripture says, "Give no place to the enemy."
Mark 3:25 says, "A home filled with strife and division destroys itself." When you allow the spirit of strife in, it tears relationships apart. Discover how to focus on the spirit of peace by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Keep Strife Out of Your Life," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
We talk a lot about trusting God, but can God trust you? Can He count on you to be uncomfortable, to go through seasons that you don't understand and still have an attitude of faith? That's what God is looking for.
Psalm 37:23 says, "The steps of a good person are ordered by the Lord." If God has you there, He's ordered your steps. You may not like the inconveniences; it may be uncomfortable. But instead of resisting or trying to pray it away, why don't you embrace it? It's not working against you; it's working for you.
We weren't created to live a small life with little goals, little dreams and little influence. God created us to live an abundant life. No matter where you are, you're not supposed to get stuck at that level and stay there. There's something bigger in your future.
Start believing bigger, dreaming bigger and expecting bigger. When you do, God is going to take you places you never thought possible. Let God do something new in your life at America's Night of Hope at Comerica Park in Detroit on July 23. Grab your family and friends and join Joel and Victoria for this unforgettable evening. Reserve your seats here: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope

Sometimes God will ask us to do things that are difficult. It would be much easier to play it safe, stay in our comfort zone, and not rock the boat. But God loves you too much to let you miss your destiny.

How you start the day determines what kind of day you're going to have. When you wake up in the morning, it's easy to lie in bed thinking negative thoughts. You don't realize it, but those thoughts can set the tone for a lousy day.  This new devotional from Joel & Victoria Osteen will help you start each morning right by setting your mind in the right direction and expecting God's goodness and favor. Lay the foundation for a blessed, productive day in the first few minutes of your morning. When you wake up to hope, you'll not only have a better attitude, but you'll see more of God's blessings and favor. http://c.osteen.co/qctx
You don't have to live in fear; the favor of God is like a shield. Don't go around worried and anxious. The Creator of the universe has you in the palm of His hand. Nothing can snatch you away.
Sometimes God will inconvenience you in order to help somebody else. Instead of getting frustrated when our plans don't work out, we need to remember that it's not all about us. Maybe God has you there on purpose to let your light shine. He's counting on you to be a good influence on someone else.
God has already lined up the right people, the right breaks and the right opportunities. If you'll keep moving forward in faith, honoring God and being your best, you will see God do miraculous things!  Take the limits off of God with Joel's inspiring 3-message resource, "Everyday Miracles—Experiencing the Limitless Power of God": http://c.osteen.co/miracles
Don't put your life on hold waiting for everything to be perfect. If you wait for the perfect time to cheer up, to have a good attitude or to be your best, it may never happen. The way you pass the test is to be your best right where you are.
The enemy wouldn't be working so hard if he didn't know you were about to step up to a new level. Don't be discouraged by the burden; you wouldn't have that opposition if you weren't highly favored.

God desires for you to live in His best, and with Him, your life can be filled with greater blessings and victory!   Joel and Victoria are coming to the Boston area! Make plans to attend this inspirational night of hope, worship, and encouragement. Book your tickets now: http://c.osteen.co/b1vv #NightofHope
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
We're not supposed to go through life backing down in fear or intimidated like we're at a disadvantage. Have a new perspective: God has given you a power so strong that all the forces of darkness can't stop it. Rise up in faith.
Ephesians 4:29 says, "Let no unwholesome talk come out of your mouth, only that which is beneficial to the progress of others." Before you say something, you need to ask yourself if it is going to be beneficial to somebody else. Is it going to build them up or put them down?
Every time you speak positive words over people, not only are your relationships getting stronger, but you're getting stronger. When you encourage people, speak life into their destiny, and challenge them to rise higher, you're blessing their future.
Are you building people up or are you cutting people down with your words? Learn to speak words of encouragement and strength by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Taming the Tongue," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
Evaluate your relationships. If you're doing all the giving and very little receiving, something is out of balance. Let others take responsibility for their lives. Rise up and become who God's created you to be.

#HoustonRecovers is LIVE from Lakewood Church Tonight 8pm CT  Watch LIVE on Channel 13 in Houston or from anywhere on ABC13.com Listen LIVE on Joel Osteen Radio Sirius XM 128 or KTSU 90.9 FM (Houston)
You may have had some bad breaks, some closed doors, some people that didn't do you right, but God hasn't forgotten about your dreams. Stay in faith, life happens to all of us. You may get dropped, but remember—it's only temporary.
Sometimes God closes doors because we're believing too small. You may have dreams that haven't worked out yet; you've had some disappointments. Don't get discouraged, God knows what He's doing. If you'll keep honoring Him and being your best, God will open doors that no man can shut.
You don't have to have the most talent, the most experience or the most education. One touch of God's favor — one everyday miracle — can thrust you to a new level.  Develop a faith-filled life with Joel's new 3-message resource, "Everyday Miracles—Experiencing the Limitless Power of God": http://c.osteen.co/miracles
Mayor Sylvester Turner, Joel and Victoria Osteen and multi-Platinum selling country music star, Clay Walker have secured a stellar line up for the "Houston Recovers with Clay Walker + Friends" benefit concert, set for Friday, May 20 at 8 p.m. at Lakewood Church.   The concert will raise funds and awareness for the Greater Houston Storm Relief Fund – providing donations and financial assistance directly to the residents of our city who are suffering devastating loss from the recent floods.   The concert will be broadcast and streamed LIVE on Houston's KTRK13  http://abc13.com and SiriusXM Radio Joel Osteen Radio, channel 128, 8-10pm CT. Click here for more info!  www.houstonrecovers.org
When you keep being your best and honoring God in tough times, God will not only deliver you, He'll not only vindicate you, but He'll pay you back double for all that trouble.
We were created to help others. One of the greatest joys in life is to help somebody else succeed—to help someone else shine. As you help somebody else rise higher, God will make sure you get to where you're supposed to be.
How you start the day determines what kind of day you're going to have. When you wake up in the morning, it's easy to lie in bed thinking negative thoughts. You don't realize it, but those thoughts can set the tone for a lousy day.  This new devotional from Joel & Victoria Osteen will help you start each morning right by setting your mind in the right direction and expecting God's goodness and favor. Lay the foundation for a blessed, productive day in the first few minutes of your morning. When you wake up to hope, you'll not only have a better attitude, but you'll see more of God's blessings and favor. http://c.osteen.co/qctx

We all face situations that seem impossible. In the natural, we're stuck. It's easy to get discouraged and give up on what we're believing for. But when all of the circumstances say just the opposite, you can still stand on God's promises.
When God laid out the plan for your life, He provided everything you need to fulfill your destiny. You were created to live an abundant, overcoming, victorious life. Take a step of faith at America's Night of Hope on July 23 in Detroit at Comerica Park! Join Joel and Victoria for an exciting night of inspiration and hope. Book your seats now: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
Hope & Life FREE Youth & Young Adults Conference is June 15-17 in Houston, TX. Get info here! LakewoodChurch.com/hopeandlife  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m4N4p_m984
Psalm 41 says, "The favor of God keeps my enemies from defeating me." When you walk in God's favor, honoring Him with your life, knowing who you are and whose you are, you cannot be defeated.
If you're going to reach your highest potential, you have to surround yourself with eagles—with people who push you forward, people who make you better, and people who help you to soar. Associate yourself with people of vision.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
Coming to a theater near you Tonight, May 16th, I Hope You Dance. Experience hope and healing, with special appearances by Kathy Lee Gifford, The Voice Season 9 winner Jordan Smith, Sheri Rigby, Caroline Barnett, Mike Gallagher, Joel Osteen and many more. Regardless of what you are going through right now--whether it be a divorce, loss of a loved one, battling cancer or overcoming an addiction, get ready to turn your setback into a comeback! I Hope You Dance, a special movie theater event with a portion of charity proceeds going to the Dream Center, coming to your local movie theater May 16th and 23rd. This is one event you won't want to miss. Get your tickets at Ihopeyoudancetickets.com
God has not forgotten about you. He's seen every tear you've shed, every lonely night, every wrong that's been done, and every person that's ever harmed you. He's a God of justice. He's going to make your wrongs right.
Are you trying to hurry through a season focused on what you don't like, stressed out? There's a blessing in that season. God wouldn't have you there if there wasn't something good. If you'll change your perspective, you'll start to enjoy your life and not just endure it.
With every blessing comes a burden. The mistake we make is wanting the blessing without the burden, but that's not reality. The key is to learn to enjoy the blessing while the burden is still there.
Don't get so caught up in where you're going that you miss the beauty of this moment. Learn to enjoy the season that you're in by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "The Blessing and the Burden," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
What God started in your life, He is going to finish. What He promised you, He will bring to pass. Don't miss out on a life-giving message and an exciting time of worship with Joel and Victoria at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23! Book your seats now: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
So often we let our environment or people's expectations of us set the limits for our life. God has put seeds of greatness in you. You're supposed to go further than the people who raised you. You're supposed to live better, be more successful and set a new standard. Don't let external factors keep you from your destiny.
If you allow it, people will put their limitations on you, try to talk you out of your dreams, count you out and say you don't have what it takes. But don't believe those lies. You don't need their approval; you have God's approval. Other people don't determine your destiny—God does.
Coming to your local theater Monday, May 16th, I Hope You Dance... Experience hope and healing, with special appearances by Kathy Lee Gifford, The Voice Season 9 winner Jordan Smith, Sheri Rigby, Caroline Barnett, Mike Gallagher, Joel Osteen and many more. Regardless of what you are going through right now--whether it be a divorce, loss of a loved one, battling cancer or overcoming an addiction, get ready to turn your setback into a comeback! I Hope You Dance, a special movie theater event with a portion of charity proceeds going to the Dream Center, coming to your local movie theater May 16th and 23rd. This is one event you won't want to miss. Get your tickets at Ihopeyoudancetickets.com! https://vimeo.com/164855838

Don't condemn yourself. You are not a failure. If you took a step of faith and a door closed, that means you're one step closer to an open door. So when you get knocked down, don't stay down, get back up again!
Christine has written a new book based on her own life experiences that can help you to replace a negative self-image with a new sense of purpose and destiny.  I encourage you to pick up a copy of Unashamed today and begin your own journey into the life of victory God intended for you. http://www.amazon.com/Unashamed-Baggage-Freedom-Fulfill-Destiny/dp/0310340705/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1463077814&sr=8-1&keywords=Christine+Cain
One of the biggest challenges we all face is getting along with people because everyone is different. When somebody doesn't agree with us, it's easy to have conflict with them. Strife is a spirit just like peace is a spirit. It's a destructive force that we should be careful about allowing into our lives. Cultivate a spirit of peace.
Proverbs 20:3 says, "Avoiding a fight is a mark of honor." A lot of times, we think winning a fight is a mark of honor. That's not really winning. You make yourself feel good, but it doesn't strengthen the relationship. The real way to win is to walk away, to take the high road. That's a mark of honor.
Many people come to a Night of Hope to be inspired...We hope this will encourage you to come and bring your whole family too:
You can be the one to put your family on a path to honoring God, a path of blessing, a path of favor, a path of victory. Recondition your mind, get rid of any strongholds that are keeping you back, and stir up those seeds of greatness. Dare to take steps of faith.
The enemy would love to keep your true potential from ever coming out. He'll use circumstances, people, negative comments and bad breaks to try to keep you from believing in yourself. Don't get stuck or stay contained—recondition your mind and break those barriers.
Do you live in the Detroit area and have a story of how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Let us know in the comments, we may use your story to help inspire others!   God can do exceedingly, abundantly, above and beyond what you could even ask or think. Join us for an unforgettable night of inspiration and hope at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23!  Reserve your seats today: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
Don't open the door to strife. When you make the extra effort to keep unity in your life, you're going to have not only God's anointing and blessing that comes from being in agreement, but you'll have His protection. He'll keep you from unnecessary trouble.
Don't curse your future. Sometimes the enemy doesn't have to defeat us, we defeat ourselves. Pay attention to what you're saying. What are you prophesying over your life? Choose to speak words that bring blessings.

Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
First Corinthians 2:9 says, "No person has seen, heard or imagined the amazing things God has in store for those that love the Lord."  For some of you, what you're praying for is way too small, what you're hoping to accomplish is not near what God has in mind. He's going to supersize it.
Too many people live condemned because of past mistakes. They've asked God to forgive them every day for the last four years. Realize that the first time you asked, God forgave you. It's time to forgive yourself. Receive His mercy and move forward with your life.
What an amazing city and an amazing Night of Hope we had in Ontario, California!  Thank you everyone for coming out and making it an incredible day!  #Ontario  #California  #NightOfHope
We can live with the confidence that all of our sins, past, present and future, have not just been covered, not just been atoned for, but they have been washed away. We have an everlasting release. That's the power of the blood.
After all Christ has done, after the incredible price that He paid on the cross, it doesn't bring Him any honor for us to go around feeling condemned. Believe that you're forgiven and redeemed! Find out about God's everlasting love by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "The Power of the Blood," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
Whether you realize it or not, you serve a God of everyday miracles! Sometimes they're big, and sometimes they're small. Sometimes you recognize them, and sometimes you overlook them. But every day of your life, God is working on your behalf.  Discover the God of everyday miracles with Joel's new 3-message resource, "Everyday Miracles—Experiencing the Limitless Power of God": http://c.osteen.co/miracles
Are you accepting things that are less than God's best? Have you adapted to a limited environment? Dare to break out. Nothing will be sadder than to come to the end of life and realize what you could have become. You're blessed!
Expectation builds hope…hope builds faith…and faith acts like a magnet, drawing in blessings and favor! Discover what blessings God wants to pour out on your life at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23. Join Joel and Victoria for an inspiring event you'll never forget. Learn more now: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope

Proverbs 11:25 says, "When you refresh others, you will be refreshed." If you want your dreams to come to pass, help somebody else's dream come to pass. If you need a miracle, become someone's miracle. When you take time to invest in others, the seeds you sow will always come back to you.
We are excited to be in Ontario, CA, Friday!  We've added a matinee service. Make plans now to join us for this inspirational night of hope, worship and encouragement, click here to reserve your seat! http://c.osteen.co/qlef
"Pray without ceasing, in everything give thanks..." –1 Thessalonians 5:17-18 #NDOP
The Psalmist said, "This favor surrounds us like a shield." That means everywhere you go, you have an advantage, a divine empowerment and open doors, causing things to fall into place—it's called God's favor.
You're the exception. You're a barrier breaker. You're not limited by your environment, by what people have said, by your education or by obstacles. God has destined you to stand out, to go further and rise to a new level.
You can't help everyone, but you can help someone. There are people God has put in your life who are connected to your destiny. As you help them rise higher, you will rise higher. As you meet their needs, God will meet your needs.
The enemy's not going to roll out the red carpet and let us fulfill our destiny. But know this: The forces that are for you are greater than the forces that are against you.

How you start the day determines what kind of day you're going to have. When you wake up in the morning, it's easy to lie in bed thinking negative thoughts. You don't realize it, but those thoughts can set the tone for a lousy day.  This new devotional from Joel & Victoria Osteen will help you start each morning right by setting your mind in the right direction and expecting God's goodness and favor. Lay the foundation for a blessed, productive day in the first few minutes of your morning. When you wake up to hope, you'll not only have a better attitude, but you'll see more of God's blessings and favor. http://c.osteen.co/qctx
When you start prophesying victory and favor, you will rise higher, overcome every obstacle and become everything God created you to be. Join Joel and Victoria for America's Night of Hope in Detroit, on July 23 for an exciting time of praise and worship and a message of hope! Get your seats reserved today: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.

Life is so much more fulfilling when you realize, "I can become a miracle today. I can be the answer to somebody's prayer. I can brighten somebody's day." You can push people into their destiny.
Proverbs 4:23 says, "Above all else, guard your heart, for out of it flow the issues of life." Notice above everything else, you have to guard your secret place. If you're allowing everything in, it will affect everything about you. Your secret place should be a place of peace, a place of rest.
Our actions speak louder than our words. When you're in peace, that's a position of power. When you have a good attitude despite what's going on, that shows God that you're trusting Him.
We all have difficulties, the difference is the people that are in peace—they don't let the negative into their inner sanctuary. Discover how to guard your heart by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "The Secret Place," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
First you dream it, then you believe it, then you live it! Step out with even greater hope and expectation at America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23! Join Joel and Victoria for an incredible evening of inspiration. Reserve your seats today: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
Don't go through life and miss your destiny. You weren't created to get by, survive, to stay at the same level year after year. You were created to excel. You have potential in you waiting to come out. Stir up your faith and go after what God has put in your heart.
Your time is too valuable, your assignment too important to go through life thinking about what you didn't get, who hurt you, and what didn't work out. Get over anything that's holding you back so you can fulfill your destiny.
If My Heart Could Talk, by Dodie Osteen is now available! In her new book, Dodie Osteen gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith and family. Dodie shares that her path has not always been easy. She gives us an intimate look at her life, from contracting polio as a child to battling cancer and losing her husband, all with her beautiful heart and sense of humor. Read this amazing journey of healing, hope and victory! http://c.osteen.co/94lp

When you go to God believing big, believing for your dreams—that's not just being positive, that's not just hoping it works out—it's deeper than that. You're making an exchange. You're trading your faith, the currency of heaven, that allows God to do great things.
How you start the day determines what kind of day you're going to have. When you wake up in the morning, it's easy to lie in bed thinking negative thoughts. You don't realize it, but those thoughts can set the tone for a lousy day.  This new devotional from Joel & Victoria Osteen will help you start each morning right by setting your mind in the right direction and expecting God's goodness and favor. Lay the foundation for a blessed, productive day in the first few minutes of your morning. When you wake up to hope, you'll not only have a better attitude, but you'll see more of God's blessings and favor.  http://c.osteen.co/qctx
The Creator of the universe has equipped you, empowered you, and put seeds of greatness inside of you. He says, "You're one of a kind, a masterpiece; you've got what it takes." He's qualified you, so don't disqualify yourself.
Too often, we let small things pull us out of our place of rest. We get stuck in traffic, a coworker is rude, somebody is talking about us. Don't let that get on the inside of you. You'll never get away from all of the peace stealers. They may not change, but the good news is, you can change. You can enter into that rest.
Your future starts today! Don't live life looking in the rearview mirror. Your life is filled with so many wonderful opportunities. Your best days are out in front of you—days of victory, days of success, and days of overcoming.  Experience God's best for your life with Joel's powerful, 3-message resource, "Created to Overcome—Living in Faith and Freedom": http://c.osteen.co/Overcome
When the storms come, if you've got your house built upon the rock, if you've got an unshakeable confidence in God, if you know the Lord as your shepherd, the storms will come, but you will not be defeated.

A MATINEE SERVICE HAS BEEN ADDED TO JOEL AND VICTORIA OSTEEN'S "NIGHT OF HOPE" MAY 6 AT CITIZENS BANK ARENA ONTARIO, CALIFORNIA!  This Night of Hope will bring together people of all different backgrounds from across the region for an exciting time of praise and worship where lives are changed and hope is restored. Don't miss out on this amazing event! Reserve your seats today: http://c.osteen.co/znrf  What:   "A Night of Hope" with Joel and Victoria Osteen Where:  Citizens Business Bank Arena 4000 E. Ontario Center Parkway Ontario, CA 91764 When:  Friday, May 6 – 2:30 pm Matinee and 7:30 pm Time:    Doors open at 1:30 pm Matinee and 6:00 pm

Quit remembering what God has forgotten. Quit listening to all of the accusing voices telling you what you're not. Your performance may not have been perfect, but your heart is perfect. That's what matters to God. Don't let guilt and condemnation keep you from your destiny.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
The enemy doesn't have the final say, God has the final say. And He says the number of your days He will fulfill. If you'll keep praying, believing, being your best, and being good to other people, you'll come into another chapter, a chapter of victory.
If you believe you'll always struggle, then you will. If you believe you've reached your limits, then you have. Because your mind is conditioned with these limitations, it will keep you from your highest potential. You have to recondition your mind—God's created you to go further, to break barriers.
Nothing will change until you make up your mind that you are not going to accept mediocrity. Take the limitations off of yourself. Break out of the box and try something new, tap into your seeds of greatness. There's so much potential in you.
God didn't make you ordinary. When you break out of the mold, His favor on your life will cause you to go where you couldn't go on your own. Learn to take steps of faith by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Be a Barrier Breaker," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
You may feel weak, but God wants to show Himself strong. You may feel like the least likely, but God wants to do something so amazing in your life that it will astound not only you, but the people around you.
God has spoken promises over you; He's put dreams in your heart. They may seem too big, too unlikely, and you don't think you have the talent, the connections. You may not, but God does. You and God are a majority; He's already put your name on that dream.
God knows what He's doing, He wasn't having a bad day when He created you. You are not at a disadvantage—you have been fearfully and wonderfully made. You have exactly what you need to fulfill your destiny.

There's always a reason for a delay. We may not understand it—sometimes it's just a test of our faith—but don't get discouraged and give up. While you're waiting for a situation to turn around, if you'll pass the test of keeping a good attitude, you won't miss out on God's best.
You weren't created to live defeated, discouraged, or bound by your past. Today, choose to forget the past and look ahead, knowing you are surrounded by God's goodness and favor.   Look forward to the future with Joel's powerful, 3-message resource, "Created to Overcome—Living in Faith and Freedom": http://c.osteen.co/Overcome. Plus, enter to WIN a free copy: http://c.osteen.co/Win-Overcome
Put a smile on, put your shoulders back, hold your head up high, and walk with confidence. You're a child of the Most High God. Go get your dreams, go get the victory—it has your name on it.
Philippians 4:19 says, "My God will supply all your needs according to His riches…" We look at our situation and think that we'll never have enough or we'll never make it through this. But it's not according to what you have, it's according to what He has. The good news is, God owns it all.
How you start the day determines what kind of day you're going to have. When you wake up in the morning, it's easy to lie in bed thinking negative thoughts. You don't realize it, but those thoughts can set the tone for a lousy day.  This new devotional from Joel & Victoria Osteen will help you start each morning right by setting your mind in the right direction and expecting God's goodness and favor. Lay the foundation for a blessed, productive day in the first few minutes of your morning. When you wake up to hope, you'll not only have a better attitude, but you'll see more of God's blessings and favor. http://c.osteen.co/qctx
Every one of us should be invisible in somebody's life behind the scenes helping them grow, encouraging them, pushing them forward, and calling out their seeds of greatness.

If My Heart Could Talk, by Dodie Osteen is now available! In her new book, Dodie Osteen gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith and family. Dodie shares that her path has not always been easy. She gives us an intimate look at her life, from contracting polio as a child to battling cancer and losing her husband, all with her beautiful heart and sense of humor. Read this amazing journey of healing, hope and victory! http://c.osteen.co/94lp
The scripture talks about how God has already blessed us, already forgiven us, already favored us, and already accepted and approved us. He's not waiting to do it; He's already done it. There are blessings with your name on them.
It does nothing productive to go around beating yourself up over flaws and weaknesses, living guilty and condemned because you're not as far along as you want to be. Learn to accept yourself while you're in the process of changing.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
Get up each day positive, hopeful, and expectant. Fill your mind with thoughts of faith, hope, & victory by joining Joel and Victoria for America's Night of Hope in Detroit on July 23! Learn more about this inspirational event, and share the news with a friend: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016 #NightofHope
Nothing that's happened to you is a surprise to God. God never promised that life would be fair, but he did promise that if you will stay in faith, He will take what's meant for your harm and use it to your advantage.
Hebrews 4:11 tells us, "Let us make every effort to enter into the rest of God." That's a place where we know God's in control; we know He's fighting our battles. Choose to live at rest.
The Story of God with Morgan Freeman: "Who Is God?" with Joel Osteen and Lakewood Church premieres tonight at 9/8c on National Geographic Channel  #StoryOfGod  http://channel.nationalgeographic.com/the-story-of-god-with-morgan-freeman/videos/who-god-is-in-different-cultures/#.VxPZPE-_3UY.mailto
Life is full of peace stealers. There will always be people and circumstances trying to pull you out of peace. If you're going to live in peace, you have to put some boundaries up and not allow everything in. Do yourself a favor, be careful what you feed your inner person.
Your destiny is too important to let other people's issues hold you back. Identify what's stealing your peace and learn to enter into that place of rest with Joel's television broadcast, "Living at Rest," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area: http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
It takes a mature person to say, "I'm okay with being invisible." Be secure enough in who you are that you can be comfortable behind the scenes, content making others look good, knowing that you may be invisible, but understanding that you're invaluable.
What an amazing city and an amazing Night of Hope at Amway Center in Orlando last night! Over 12,000 in the house! Thank you everyone for coming out and making it an incredible evening! #NightofHope
Are you trying to change things that only God can change? Your load would get a lot lighter if you would turn that over to Him and enter into His rest. You have a destiny to fulfill. You need your energy, your strength and your creativity to become who you were created to be.

You may have had a thousand bad breaks, but don't use that as an excuse to be negative. One good break can make up for all of the bad breaks. One touch of God's favor can catapult you further than you ever imagined. Don't worry, God knows how to make up for lost time. He knows how to accelerate things.
God's dream for your life is much bigger than your own. Don't get satisfied just having your needs supplied. Be grateful, but know God has so much more in store. He wants you to come into overflow, into abundance to where you can be a greater blessing wherever you go.
We should focus on what we can change, not what we can't change. What's done is done. If somebody offended you, mistreated you or disappointed you, you can't undo that. You can either let it weigh you down, or you can forgive them and go on.

God has equipped you with everything you need to overcome in life. Get ready to experience growth in your daily walk and freedom over obstacles trying to hold you back. God is making a way for you!  Experience God's victory and freedom today with Joel's powerful, 3-message resource, "Created to Overcome—Living In Faith and Freedom." Enter to WIN a free copy today: http://c.osteen.co/Win-Overcome
The scripture says that you can't add an inch to your life by worrying. Worry is a thief. It will rob you of your sleep at night, it will rob you of your joy, rob you of your energy. Don't allow worry to rob you of your destiny.

Sharpen your skills. There is so much opportunity to learn. There is more knowledge available today than any other time in history. We have no excuse not to improve. You have a responsibility not only to God, not only to your family, but you owe it to yourself to develop what God has put in you.
The beauty is that when you don't perform perfectly, when you don't measure up, even when you blow it, even when you fail, God still has you covered. You may turn your back on Him, but He won't turn His back on you.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
God is not going to deliver us from every difficulty. He is not going to keep us from every challenge because if He did, we would never grow. The scripture says, "Our faith is tried in the fire of affliction." When you're in a tough time, that's an opportunity to show God what you're made of.
God looks on the inside. He is more pleased with somebody with a right heart, who makes mistakes every once in a while, than with somebody who has a wrong heart and performs perfectly all the time.
When God created you, He stepped back and said, "That was good." He calls you a masterpiece. Quit living like you're ordinary, average or mediocre; you're one of a kind. You're a prized possession. You're wearing a crown of favor.
When your heart is perfect toward God, He'll give you the favor to reach your highest potential. Discover how to overcome anything that's holding you back by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "It's the Heart that Matters," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
We can't walk in victory and receive all that God has in our future if we don't learn to release negative experiences. We may not understand it, it may not have been fair, but when we give it to God as an act of faith, we allow Him to move in our life and work negative circumstances for our good. There is power in letting go.
If My Heart Could Talk, by Dodie Osteen is now available! In her new book, Dodie Osteen gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith and family. Dodie shares that her path has not always been easy. She gives us an intimate look at her life, from contracting polio as a child to battling cancer and losing her husband, all with her beautiful heart and sense of humor. Read this amazing journey of healing, hope and victory! http://c.osteen.co/94lp
What steps are you taking to get better? You have treasure on the inside. There is skill, talent and potential put in you by the Creator of the universe, but it's not going to automatically come out—it has to be developed. Take responsibility for your growth.
Don't be intimidated by what somebody said about you. There is an anointing on your life that seals you, protects you, enables you and empowers you. No matter how big that enemy looks, no matter how powerful it may seem, there is a force in you that is more powerful than any opposition.
Be a part of Generation Hope Project 2016 in Detroit!
Make room for God to do something amazing in your life! Grab your friends and family and join Joel and Victoria in Detroit on July 23 for this year's America's Night of Hope! Learn more: http://c.osteen.co/ANOH2016

Being a person of faith doesn't exempt you from difficulties. The enemy may hit you with his best shot, but because your house is built on the rock, his best will never be enough. When the storm is over, you will not only come through it, but you'll come out better than you were before.
No matter what others say, no matter how big the obstacle, no matter what limitations have slowed you down in the past—you can know your tomorrow is good because it's in God's hands!  Discover how to become an overcomer with Joel's new, powerful, 3-message resource, "Created to Overcome—Living In Faith and Freedom": http://c.osteen.co/Overcome
Take at least 15 minutes a day, turn off the television, and invest in yourself. You should be doing something strategic and intentional every day to improve your skills. You have too much in you to stay where you are. Your destiny is too great to get stuck.
James 5:16 says, "Confess your faults one to another and you will be healed." There are some issues you cannot overcome on your own. Find someone you can trust, maybe a pastor or a friend, and tell them what you're dealing with. Let them pray with you, stand with you, and bring accountability into your life.
God did not create you to carry around baggage. Some of you have been holding on to it for years, but it's not going to change unless you do something about it. Put your foot down and say, "That's it. I'm not living in regret anymore. I'm not focusing on my disappointments. I'm letting it go and moving forward with my life."
Philippians 4:13 says, "I have strength for all things through Christ who empowers me." The enemy may hit you with his best shot, but it won't stop you. You are more than a conqueror through Christ.
If My Heart Could Talk, by Dodie Osteen is available today!  In her new book, Dodie Osteen gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith and family. Dodie shares that her path has not always been easy. She gives us an intimate look at her life, from contracting polio as a child to battling cancer and losing her husband, all with her beautiful heart and sense of humor. Read this amazing journey of healing, hope and victory! http://c.osteen.co/94lp

First Peter 5:7 says, "Cast all your cares on Him." You weren't designed to carry all those cares; it's going to frustrate you. Here's the key: when you rest, God goes to work; but when you work, God rests. Protect your peace—turn your worries and cares over to God.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join Joel today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for his Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128!  Call Joel now at 1-888-777-9674.
The scripture says, "God will give you beauty for ashes." Ashes represent our broken dreams, our failures, our disappointments and our hurts. Here's the key: you have to let go of the ashes before you can receive the beauty. If you won't let go of the old, you can't receive the new.
If you wait for all of your circumstances to calm down, then you're never going to have peace. God didn't say we wouldn't have storms, but He did say He would give us peace in the midst of the storm. It's called the peace that passes understanding—despite what's going on around you, you can still be at peace.
Matthew 6:34 says, "Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will have enough worries of its own." God gives you grace for today. The good news is, if something does happen, God will give you the grace to handle it. God promised He'll arm you with strength for every battle.
You're not supposed to go through life weighed down by worry. It's freeing when you turn things over to God. Learn to turn your worry into worship by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Peaceful on Purpose," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
The #StoryOfGod with Morgan Freeman Premieres April 3 on National Geographic Channel 9/8c. http://channel.nationalgeographic.com/the-story-of-god-with-morgan-freeman/videos/story-of-god-trailer/ An inspiring journey into faith, the #StoryOfGod with Morgan Freeman starts Sunday at 9/8c on National Geographic Channel.
Watch for Ms Dodie Osteen's book, If My Heart Could Talk, coming April 5th! Dodie Osteen, mother of Joel Osteen, gives us a personal account of her extraordinary life and shares what she has learned about love, faith, and family.
It's easy to understand how God will bless us when we do what's right and make good choices. But the beauty of mercy is that even when we make mistakes, even when our performance is not perfect, God doesn't say, "Too bad, you had your chance; you're on your own." This is where His mercy shows up.
Make room for God to do something big in your life this year. Go out every day with this expectancy: "God is working in my life right now." Thank Him for unexpected blessings, for divine connections, and for unprecedented favor.

Don't hold on to the old when you know God's leading you somewhere new. Get out of your comfort zone, leave that fear and worry, walk away from what's holding you back. God has a prepared blessing, but you've got to do your part and step in to it.
You can live with confidence, knowing that God is for you, with you, and wants you to succeed. You may feel discouraged and defeated, but God is ready to give you victory and empower you to win! Be encouraged and inspired with Joel's latest 3-message resource, "With You, For You—Living in God's Presence and Favor": http://c.osteen.co/WithYouForYou

You may have things in your life that are frustrating you right now because they're not changing. You know God put the dream in your heart, but it doesn't look like it's going to happen. Don't live upset; don't go around worried. Come back to that place of peace. Give it to God.
We all face situations that look like they're never going to work out. Too often we settle where we are and accept the fact that it wasn't meant to be. But even when it looks impossible, God can turn it around. You need to have 'even now faith.'
In case you missed Super Soul Sunday, you can check it out here: http://www.supersoul.tv/supersoul-full-episodes/pastor-joel-osteen-full-episode
The scripture says, "God's ways are not our ways, they are better than our ways." If you're only going to be happy if it works out your way, you're setting yourself up for disappointment. God can see the big picture for your life. Release control to Him.
Don't ever get tired of thanking God for His goodness. Remember your victories. Tell the people around you. Keep bragging on the goodness of God. The more you brag on God's goodness, the more of God's goodness you'll see.

Psalm 138:8 says, "The Lord will work out His plan for your life." God knows how to get you to where you're supposed to be. You don't have to live worried or frustrated. If you'll trust Him, God will open the right doors, He'll bring the right people, and He'll turn problems around.
Do you have a story of how God changed your life?  Joel and Victoria are in the studio now.  Call us at 1-888-777-9674!
She gets more beautiful every year! Happy birthday to an amazing lady, so blessed to spend my life with you! Victoria Osteen
When God breathed His life into you, He placed a blessing on you that overrides anything that's trying to hold you back. The blessing God has for you cannot be stopped by bad breaks, by people, or by injustice. God is not limited by our circumstances.
You may have made mistakes. Christ took your sins. He paid the price for every mistake, every wrong. His blood covered it once and for all.
He is Risen! "The spirit of Him who raised Christ from the dead is living in you." Romans 8:11
Opposition is not there to stop you, it's there to establish you. Find out how God can use your enemies to push you higher by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Blessed By Your Enemies," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
Jesus didn't come to start a religion. He came to have a relationship with you. He has a purpose and a destiny for your life. He is the One who created you and He knows the reason that you are here. When you come into agreement with Him, your life will be more rewarding and fulfilling.
Luke 10:19 said, "I give you power over all the power of the enemy." It looked dark on Friday, it looked like it was over. But on Sunday morning, it was a different story. The grave couldn't hold Jesus in. The same power He had, He gave to us. Now you and I have all power over the enemy. It's resurrection power.

We're not supposed to go through life backing down in fear or intimidated like we're at a disadvantage. Have a new perspective: God has given you a power so strong that all the forces of darkness couldn't stop it. Rise up in faith.

God is saying that when you pray, come with boldness and ask for what you want. Don't be shy; don't hold back. Tell Him your dreams; tell Him what you're believing for and ask Him for those secret things He's put in your heart.
Whatever follows "I am" will always come looking for you.  Hear my uplifting discussion with Oprah Winfrey on SuperSoul Sunday at 11a/10c and 7p/6c on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network.
Meet every challenge as an opportunity for God to show Himself strong on your behalf. Right now, whatever place you are in, be reminded…you are not alone. God is with you and for you!  Allow God to show out in your life with Joel's latest 3-message resource, "With You, For You—Living in God's Presence and Favor": http://c.osteen.co/WithYouForYou. Plus, enter to WIN your copy today: http://c.osteen.co/WIN-ForYou
All through the day, instead of trying to do everything in your own strength, relax and stay in peace. Take the pressure off, God is not asking you to control everything. He's saying release the control. Do what you can and trust God to do what you can't.
We're not supposed to go through life backing down in fear or intimidated like we're at a disadvantage. Have a new perspective: God has given you a power so strong that all the forces of darkness can not stop it. Rise up in faith.
We are proud to help kids get clean water via #WaterNow to benefit World Vision USA. Join us here: http://bit.ly/1RagTUA  #WorldWaterDay
God's plans are for good and not evil. What is meant for harm, He will turn around and use for His glory. Even in the dark times, God is still there. His light still shines. Our hearts and prayers go out to the people of Brussels, and all of Belgium. #PrayForBelgium

When God breathed His life into you, He set you apart. He marked you for favor, marked you for blessing, and marked you to stand out. What will defeat others won't be able to defeat you. You have an advantage—God's put a distinction on you.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join me today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for my Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128! I'd love to hear from you. Call me @ 1-888-777-9674.
The scripture tells us that we have the power to be a witness. It doesn't say to straighten people out, to tell them what they're doing wrong.  When people see you living a life of excellence and integrity, day in and day out, that has a greater impact than anything we could ever say.
Thank you New Jersey for an incredible Night of Hope Friday night!  Over 16,000 at Prudential Center! So many stood up to dedicate or renew their lives to Christ. Thank you to everyone who came out! We hope you left inspired and believing that your best days are ahead!
Scripture says a sparrow doesn't fall to the ground without God knowing it. How much more does God see everything that happens to you? When somebody does you wrong, God takes it personally. You're His child. He doesn't sit back, He goes to work to make things right.
God has promised He will balance the books of our life. Life is not always fair, but God is fair. Get your passion back by tuning into Joel's television broadcast, "Balanced Books," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area: http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
God is not finished with you; you have not seen your best days. Shake off what didn't work out and get your passion back. The scripture talks about fanning the flame and stirring up your gifts. There is a flame still in you—relight your fire. It's not enough to finish, you've got to finish with your fire still burning.
When you take time to shine light into other people's lives—you're kind, you're helpful, they feel your love—that's what opens the door to their heart. Look around at who's in your life. Where can you shine some light?
Take the limits off of God. This is the year for Him to show out in your life, to accelerate His goodness, and to thrust you to a new level. When you ask big, that's not just being hopeful, that's your faith being released, that's what allows God to do great things.

The scripture says in Philippians 1:6, "He that began a good work in you will continue to perform it until it's complete." The good news is, you're not a finished product. God is still working on you.
God knows the dreams and desires in your heart. He sees you when it feels like those dreams are on hold and you don't know which direction to go. Be encouraged because God created you and saw you long before you were born. He has wonderful things planned for you.  Allow God to lead you in every area of your life with Joel's new 3-message resource, "With You, For You—Living in God's Presence and Favor." Enter to WIN your copy today: http://c.osteen.co/WIN-ForYou
It's not just up to your skill, your talent or your connections. There is a force behind you breathing in your direction, protecting you, guiding you and favoring you. The Most High God has set you apart. He could have chosen anyone, but He handpicked you.
Be aware of what you're dealing with this week. Don't let the same things continue to hold you back. If you're going to become all that God intended, you've got to be willing to change. Keep growing.
Make plans to see this great movie. #MiraclesFromHeaven is in theaters today! http://sonypictur.es/MiraclesFromHeavenTix
Don't fall into the trap of being negative, complacent or just taking whatever life brings your way. Set the tone for victory, for success, for new levels. Enlarge your vision. Make room for God to do something new. You haven't touched the surface of what He has in store.
First Peter 1:7 says, "So that your faith may be tested, as gold is tested and purified by fire." You don't really know what's in you until you're put under pressure. The pressure brings to light what we need to deal with to be refined.
Whether it's a sickness, a layoff, or a broken relationship, God is able to bring us the victory. We wants to hear your story of how God helped you overcome!  Leave your story in the comments below, and we may use it in the next issue of Hope for Today magazine! Be sure to include the hashtag: #overcome.  Hope for Today Magazine is free for iPad, Kindle Fire and Android tablets! Click here: https://www.joelosteen.com/Pages/Magazine.aspx
No addiction is too much for you to overcome, no iniquity, no mountain, no obstacle. Nothing passed down to you should keep you from your God-given destiny. The power in you is greater than any power coming against you.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join me today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for my Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128! I'd love to hear from you. Call me @ 1-888-777-9674.
Look inside today and say, "God, how can I change? How can I be more loving, patient, forgiving and understanding?" Ask how you can come up higher. Don't pray for God to change somebody else without first praying: God, change me.
When you take the high road—when you tell your flesh no—you're sowing to the spirit. It may not happen overnight, but if you'll keep making those choices, a great harvest will come.
There's a battle taking place in all of us. It's the battle between the flesh and the spirit. The flesh wants to be comfortable, but if you're always comfortable, you'll never grow. Discipline yourself to do the right thing. The harder it is, the more you're growing in that area, and the higher you'll rise.
Your feelings will tell you what you want, but that doesn't mean it's the best thing for you. Listen to your spirit. Tune in to Joel's television broadcast, "Who's The Boss?" tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://c.osteen.co/BroadcastListings
When you go out each day, represent God in a great way. Be a witness. Be a positive influence in people's lives. If you'll put this simple principle into action, you'll not only make a difference in other people's lives, but it'll make a difference in your own life.
If you're going to reach your highest potential, you have to make up your mind to not live frustrated because you're uncomfortable. Sometimes God takes you the long way on purpose.
Negative genes may have been passed down to you, but remember, your heavenly Father put new genes in you. In this new bloodline, there is strength. There is victory. There is discipline. There is favor. Turn off the negative and turn on what God has put in you.
You've come too far to stop now. You've worked too hard, believed too long, invested too much. It may be difficult, but when the going gets tough, you have to dig your heels in and declare that you are in it to win it. You're not moved by opposition.
You're not doing life alone. You have the greatest force in the universe breathing in your direction. You've been called out, set apart and chosen to live a distinctively favored life. Dare to pray bold prayers and believe for your dreams. God wants to show out in your life in new ways.
New issue! Step into the year of Acceleration with a new issue of our free Hope for Today magazine, featuring new articles from Joel, Victoria and more! Plus, watch Joel's special San Francisco Night of Hope event right from your tablet.  Free for iPad, Android tablets and Amazon Kindle Fire.  Download for iPad: http://tinyurl.com/n9z73ne Download for Android: http://tinyurl.com/k5rb95y Download for Amazon Kindle Fire: http://tinyurl.com/nfe9nqj  Don't have a tablet? The Joel app for phones is available for iPhone or Android devices.
God feeds the birds of the air. How much more is He going to take care of you? Everything will be fine. Maybe you went through a loss, a disappointment. The future doesn't look very bright. But stay at rest—a new beginning is coming.
God wants to know what you're believing for. How you answer is going to determine what He does. Don't ask small—that's going to limit your destiny. Learn to ask God for the impossible!
God is right beside you. He wants you to receive those things you've longed for, prayed for and hoped for. You're right where He needs you to be. God's not holding you back. Even when you can't see Him, He's going before you to prepare the place He has for you.  Don't miss out on Joel's latest 3-message resource, "With You, For You—Living in God's Presence and Favor": http://c.osteen.co/WithYouForYou
Too often, we complain about the darkness, "I don't like this job. These people are so negative. Nobody has a good attitude." Ask yourself, why do you think God put you there? They don't need more light in the bright places. That's an opportunity for you to shine.
Philippians 1:6 says, "He who began a good work in you will continue to perform it until it's complete." One translation says, "He will bring you to a flourishing finish." Not a defeated finish where you barely make it. You're going to come to a flourishing finish, a finish more rewarding than you ever imagined.
Quotes from those who saw Lakewood's Ted Terry's testimony last weekend... "Nurses and Physicians do the work and caring & God heals us!" "Dr. Paul has an amazing way of performing surgery on our hearts."  Now see it for yourself:
We all face difficult trials and unfair situations that can test our faith as well as our ability to endure; and it is how we respond during these times that determines the difference between victory and defeat.  My friend Chad Veach has written a new book, Unreasonable Hope, that will not merely help you to cope with the bad times, but will inspire you to strengthen your faith and realize a new spirit of hope and peace through Jesus Christ. - Joel Osteen http://unreasonablehope.org/#home2

The distinction God has put on your life is more powerful than position, than titles, than education. God's face shining down on you will not only cause you to stand out, but it will make the people around you better, too.
Are you asking big, or are you letting your circumstances talk you out of it? The God who breathed life into you, the God who called you out, set you apart and crowned you with favor is a more-than-enough God, a running-over God, an abundant God. Have the boldness to ask big.
When God gives you a dream, when He puts a promise in your heart, it doesn't mean it's going to come to pass with no opposition. There will be things you don't understand, you'll have plenty of opportunities to get discouraged, but remember your dream. God didn't bring you this far to leave you. You may not understand it, but God is in control.
What has God put in your heart? What did you used to be excited about and now you think it's too late, it's too big, it's not possible? Get your passion back. You haven't missed your opportunity, you're not lacking, and you didn't get shortchanged. All it takes is one touch of God's favor.
Tune in to Joel's television broadcast, "Remember Your Dream," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://osteen.co/BroadcastListings
It may not be easy, you may not understand it, but faith is trusting God when life doesn't make sense. Dare to believe that He's blessing you even in the dark places, that what is meant for your harm is going to work to your advantage.

Some of you have been on that rollercoaster for a long time, allowing your circumstances to determine whether or not you're going to be happy. You need to put your foot down and say, "That's it. From now on, I'm keeping my peace."



God is with you no matter how alone you feel, and He is for you no matter how discouraged you may be. He will always be with you and for you. He's promised it, and God doesn't break His promises.  Learn to rely on God's promises with Joel's new, inspiring, 3-message resource, "With You, For You—Living in God's Presence and Favor": http://c.osteen.co/WithYouForYou
When you believe, it gets God's attention. When you expect your dreams to come to pass, your health to be restored, good breaks and divine connections to come your way, the Creator of the universe goes to work.
Life can be very noisy, and if we allow it, all of us can lived stressed, uptight, in a hurry and on edge. We've got to learn not to let the busyness and stress get on the inside. It may be very hectic on the outside, but deep down in your spirit there needs to be a calmness, a rest where you know God has you in the palm of His hand.
When you should go under, God causes you to go over. When you don't see a way, God makes a way. When people come against you, God fights your battles, and you come out better. Instead of talking about how big the problem is, talk about how big your God is.
God has something better planned for you than where you are right now. Promotion doesn't come from people, promotion comes from the Lord. When it's your time to be promoted, you will be promoted.

We can all trust God in the green pastures; we can trust Him when we're beside the still waters, that's easy. But do you trust Him when you're in the dark valley? He hasn't left you. You may feel alone or abandoned, but God is still leading you. That valley is all a part of the plan to make you into who you were created be.
God's mercy is from everlasting to everlasting. It's big, broad and far reaching. A lot of times, religion tries to push people away, but God is always pulling people in. It's not about whether you keep all the rules or perform perfectly your whole life. It's about the condition of your heart. Do you have a heart to please God?
Sometimes it is our own thoughts and words that hold us back from achieving the destiny that God has for us.  My friend, Steven Furtick, has written a new book, (UN)QUALIFIED, that will help you to overcome the internal voices telling you that you aren't good enough, capable enough, or smart enough. Through examples in his own life, as well as those of some of the greatest heroes of our faith, Steven illustrates that when you trust in God and begin to see yourself the way He sees you, feelings of inadequacy will be replaced with a spirit of confidence, and your fear will give way to your God-given destiny.   http://www.amazon.com/Un-Qualified-Broken-People-Things/dp/1601424590/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1456865019&sr=8-1&keywords=Steven+Furtick+%28UN%29QUALIFIED

God has amazing things He wants to release, like new opportunities and new levels, but it all depends on the quality of your character. None of us like the uncomfortable situations, but here's a key: If God is not removing it, that means we must need it. He's using it to refine us.
Don't stay down. Don't go through life feeling wrong on the inside, thinking you've got to pay God back for your mistakes. The price has already been paid for your mistakes—two thousand years ago.
Do you have a story of answered prayer or how God showed up in an amazing way in your life? Join me today at 5pm ET/4pm CT for my Live, call-in show on SiriusXM radio ch #128! I'd love to hear from you. Call me @ 1-888-777-9674.
John 7:24 says, "Be honest in your judgment of people. Do not decide at a glance, superficially, and by appearances." How many times do we look at someone, and in a split second, we decide whether or not we're going to like them? Give everybody room to become who God created them to be.
You're in a favor season, a growing season, a breakthrough season. You're going to have a new confidence to do things you didn't think you could do. You're going to see gifts and talents come out in a greater way. God's face is shining down on you in a greater way.
When God arises, the enemy trembles. In your set time, God is not going to sit idly by. We all go through testing and trials where we have to fight the good fight, but when you come into this set time of favor, God gets up and puts a stop to what's trying to stop you.
God wants to breathe on your life in a new way, giving you strength, ability, and determination. Discover what He has planned for you by tuning in to Joel's television broadcast, "Your Set Time For Favor," tomorrow morning. Click here for channels and times in your area. http://osteen.co/BroadcastListings
Check out this great new inspiring book from our friend, Carmine Gallo. In, "The Storyteller's Secret", he features 35 men and women who move people with their words. Carmine makes the point that  A leader cannot inspire others unless they listen to the calling that God placed in their hearts. Read more here:  http://www.amazon.com/Storytellers-Secret-Speakers-Business-Legends/dp/1250071550/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1455296337&sr=8-1&keywords=storyteller's+secret
So many times, we have a narrow view of God. We have our little circle of what we believe and who we think is right, and we exclude everyone else. We focus on the things that separate us. But we need to realize how big God's circle is, how wide His mercy extends.
It takes the same amount of energy to believe as it does to worry. You can use your energy to worry, or you can spend that same energy saying, "Father, thank You that You're supplying all of my needs." When you magnify the promises instead of the problems, that's your faith being released. That's what allows God to go to work.
We would all love for God to remove the difficult people in our lives or eliminate the hardships, but that's not always what's best. Have a new perspective. Those difficulties are not happening to you—they're happening for you. You're going to come out stronger.

Sometimes you've got to announce that God is in control, not just so you can hear it, not just so God can hear it, but so the enemy can hear it. He's expecting you to fall apart, get depressed or give up on your dreams. But when you look that adversity in the eye and you're not moved by it, you're not letting the enemy win.
Don't be known for what you're against. Be known for what you are for. Be for people. Be for new beginnings. Be for second chances. Be for others becoming everything God's created them to be.
You may have some things you don't like about yourself, some things you consider wrong with you. We all do. But there's a lot right with you. Quit magnifying what's wrong. Quit focusing on what you don't like and start focusing on what God says about you. God says you are a masterpiece.
It's time for you to boldly declare, "I am rising above all the setbacks from my past, and I'm going to experience God's best!" As you step into this new way of thinking, you will be blessed and discover more about how to let your faith soar.  Take a step of faith today with Joel's latest 3-message series, "You Can Rise Above": http://c.osteen.co/Rise Plus, enter to WIN a free copy: http://c.osteen.co/Win-Rise
Today could be the day that you see a breakthrough. One touch of God's favor, and suddenly, it could turn around. Are you expecting it? Are you releasing your faith? Now is the time for God's favor.
I watch WWE NXT to see who will set the standard for the next generation of WWE. Check out NXT TakeOver: The End... right now on WWE Network. http://wwe.com/wwenetwork/cena

Whether it be Luke Gallows, Karl Anderson or AJ Styles, The Champ will take on ANY member of The Club!
I'm excited that you can see ME and Victoria Justice host the FOX Teen Choice Awards LIVE Sunday, July 31st!

You can't C(ease and Desist) ME! New shirt available on WWEShop.com!  http://shop.wwe.com/john-cena/
The NEW #HLR is available NOW at WWEShop.com. I heard this new design is getting a Pretty Big Reception!  http://shop.wwe.com/john-cena/
Tonight is the night. Money in the Bank is LIVE only on WWE Network.
AJ Styles is good... but he needs to learn the meaning of Hustle, Loyalty and RESPECT!
It takes mere seconds to make an impact, AJ Styles has 24 hours. MITB is tomorrow at 8pm ET ONLY on WWE Network.
Whether in the ring or on the mic, The Champ always give 110%!
No performer can be in the ring forever, but it'll be a long time before I step aside, you'll have to step over me. http://bit.ly/1WQEcpP
See more Cena on-demand, anytime, anywhere on all of your devices, only on WWE Network.
The only way to see #CenavsStyles is at #MITB…and the only way to see THAT is on WWE Network.
History made today in China for WWE.
One built a franchise in WWE while the other made his mark around the world. #StylesvsCena ONLY on WWE Network.


The contract is signed and sealed. AJ Styles vs. John Cena at #MITB. Dream no longer, we're almost there: http://wwe.com/wwenetwork/cena
It's official... #TheChamp vs. #ThePhenomenalOne! #RAW
TONIGHT!
You know the time…you know the place. AJ Styles. John Cena. Money in the Bank 2016, Las Vegas, NV. The only place to watch is on WWE Network. WWE.com/wwenetwork/cena
One final #RAW before #MITB after 15 years, the question on minds of the "sports entertainment" world of "what if" is finally answered. There will only be one #firsttimeever, Don't miss the #DreamMatch! http://wwe.com/wwenetwork/cena

You bring whoever you want, I don't need a club or insurance. When the bell rings, it's you and me…only on WWE Network. #MITB  http://wwe.com/wwenetwork/cena
The landscape may have changed but the franchise is still here. Even in the new era The future must go through ME at Money in the Bank 2016, only on WWE Network. Sign up at http://wwe.com/wwenetwork/cena
It all comes down to this… Join me tonight on FOX for the 2-hour Season Finale of American Grit.
Not just ANYONE can cut the line to see Nikki Bella at Wizard World...
#TheChamp WANTED ANSWERS! #RAW

THE CHAMP IS HERE.... in 360 degrees! #CenaReturns
THE CHAMP IS HERE.... in 360 degrees! #CenaReturns
The #NewEra is VERY interesting... #RAW
NEVER would have expected that from AJ Styles. #RAW
#TheChamp is always ready for a fight! #CenaReturns #WWETop10
Endless gratitude goes out to Hire Heroes USA and all of our veterans. Thank you. #Hero
The time is NOW, #Cenation.... #CenaReturns
This return was a GREAT ONE! #CenaReturns #WrestleMania
Are you ready, #Cenation? #TheChamp is on NBC's Today Show RIGHT NOW!
There's nothing like returning to WWE AND winning the World Heavyweight Championship! #CenaReturns

The anticipation is PALPABLE! #CenaReturns
NEVER back down from a fight! #CenaReturns
Thank you to all the men and women who have served this country. It is an honor to support Hire Heroes USA. #Hero
Catch #TheChamp on NBC's Today Show's TOMORROW at 9AM ET!
Sunday morning pull vid from #SanDiegoAthletics or as some would say, the #Hardnockssouth of the south west! 240kg by 5. Last pulls before #WWE #MondayNightRaw return on #MemorialDay #NeverGiveUp #Tapout
Guess who's back TOMORROW on WWE Raw?  #CenaReturns
Who could forget #TheChamp's #RoyalRumble return at Madison Square Garden?!? #CenaReturns
Who do you think is #TheChamp's greatest rival?
It's almost time.... #CenaReturns


#KCCOSalute
It's American Grit Thursday! Join me TONIGHT at 9/8c on FOX.
What return is YOUR favorite?
The Champ is taking over the 2016 ESPYS.

The #Cenation has come a long way... #RuthlessAggression
The countdown is ON for #TheChamp's WWE Raw return!
Posting this to accompany previous deadlift vid. In the deadlift vid, those are very old school 50kg plates. 230kg was total wght, here it's 140kg. Taking the last few days before returning to WWE to really push the envelope


We will pray together for Husam. He is very strong ill. He has Lymphoma. Show him your light more and more. Stay with him in this difficult situation. In your name we ask and pray to receive healing for him because you could every thing. In the name Jesus Christ. Amen
We pray together for our sister, Patricia. She is from Cameron. She ist now physically and mentally ill. She is very young 22 . Lord she needs you now. Show yourself to Patricia. Jesus you know Patricia personally and you know her problems and illness. In thistime carry away her Problems. Patricia promis to follow you and trust youmore and more. You are best of the best Doctor and savior in the world. Stay with Patricia and show your unlimit power to her.  In name Jesus Christ. Amen .... If you need also to pray for you write us,,,,
Now we pray for our sister Jennifer, she is in Texas. She has drug addiction and mental schizophrenia issues. We pray for her, we pray in the name Jesus Christus, Lord please help your kind Jenifer to leave for ever drug and we let her psychiologiche problems in your Hand because your hand could helath her. In the name Father, Son and holly spirit. Amen
We pray for our Sister in India. She is going through a child custody case. She is in a very hard situation. We pray that Lord speack with her hausband that he dont do some s´thing wrong about her son. We pray that Lord speack with her housband's heart to decied the best way for family and child. We also pray for Anagha that she will be stronger to carry this hard situation.  In name Jesus Christ. Amen .... If you need also to pray for you write us,,,,
We pray for our brother from South Africa, his name is Pawad and lives in Uganda. My Lord help him, stay with him, He loves you and need your hope in his life more and more. Help him father to be strong in his life. In name Jesus Christ. Amen .... If you need also to pray for you write us,,,,
How great is our God.
I'm a cat. I got 9 lives. Lol
Love it
Happy bday Scooter Braun . You are lucky you married a Canadian :)
Bieber bear
Never would have made it without you
Let's make a difference. Love
Afraid of everything I dreamed of. - Blake Kelly
#PurposeTour back tomorrow in Winnipeg
#Justmoji now on Android
Company music video
Company Music Video today!!!
:)
COMPANY video tomorrow

Get justmoji and see for yourself
Rip to the Champ
Tomorrow #OVOSoundRadio Drake
#Justmoji http://apple.co/1Ujo2iz
Catch me if you can
Friday App Store
Right
#mycalvins
Congrats to my brother Lewis Hamilton on an amazing victory

Thanks FOX Teen Choice Awards http://vote.teenchoice.com
Had one of the best nights of my life last night. Road trip with Martin Garrix and Rory Kramer
Thank u #BBMAs


1 day left to get ur #PurposeTour merch  purposetourmerch.com
Today. #nomadtoronto
One of my favorite performances this year.
Toronto  Purpose tour Merch pop up store this week with exclusive Merch :)
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































What can I say CLEVELAND! Thank you! We did it for ya'll! #PROMISEKEPT #StriveForGreatness #TheLand #ChampionshipParade
UNBELIEVABLE!!! #JustAKidFromAkron #IPROMISE UNINTERRUPTED
YOU WORK FOR WHAT YOU HAVE… This one's for you!!! #WEAREFAMILY #StriveForGreatness #IPROMISE
Zero Dark Thirty-23 activated #StriveForGreatness
#IPROMISE #KickGameCray #NikeLifer #StriveForGreatness view all 1,398 comments
#MambaDay #Salute
Don't spend as Much time together as we used to but happy as hell to see them all doing so well for themselves and their families! When we do link up, we pick up right where we left off like we suppose to. Love u boys til the death. #FabFive #AkronBoys #StriveForGreatness
Baby Z will not let u take off her Dada shoes! No way Jose. Don't get beat up! #SheIsCrazy #KickGameCrayThough #LeBron13
You'd be surprised what you can get into on an off day... #MeetRon Blaze Pizza
LET'S GOOOO!!!!!! All proceeds from the first ride auction go to the LeBron James Family Foundation: https://www.cedarpoint.com/events/things-to-do/events/Valravn-Launch-Party   Huge s/o to Jason and Tony again for always putting my kids first. Best amusement park in the damn universe. #WEAREFAMILY #IPROMISE Cedar Point
My queen!! You continue to amaze me day in and day out. Rose gold Beats???? KILLED IT! #ShesTheRealStar #PromPROMISE
How can you look at this and not smile?? Proud of my kids and thankful for Micki, Margaret, Terry and everyone at WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland who took time from their BUSY day to make their trip special. Also a huge shout out to Don and the Bridgestone Invitational team. #IPROMISE #WEAREFAMILY
Congrats brother!! Happy to be there for every last one of them 3s! #FlameThrower #RocketLauncher #Swish
Good times in the James Gang household thesedays!! Bronny and Bryce brought home 1st place at their tournament in Columbus this weekend! Congrats to the whole North Coast Blue Chips squad on the accomplishment. Keep #StriveForGreatness #ProudPops
Who knew a three-year-old boy's dream and a Little Tikes hoop could lead to all this? So proud of my Foundation's partnership with Little Tikes and excited that our first LJFF-branded toy is in stores now! It's still kind of surreal, but the "Dream Big" basketball hoop is now available at Toys''R''Us and a portion of the proceeds goes back to my Foundation and our efforts to keep kids in school. This is such a special thing for me, and we're just getting started. We have at least 20 more products to come, all encouraging young kids to dream big! #blessed #IPROMISE #StriveForGreatness
UNKNWN life!!
Welcome to the family DeJounte! Let's work kid. #KlutchSports #StriveForGreatness
I love it every time I get one of these photos. Congrats on the new ride!! #IPROMISE
POWER. RECLINING. BACK. SEAT. #NuffSaid
This isn't all of us by the way. And we're just getting started #StriveForGreatness  #Klutch
Not a bad way to spend your day off!! Caught UNINTERRUPTED's Striving For Greatness in VR #Samsung837
We don't mess around with the TV game… Getting the screening room set. #SpringHill
Welcome to the family lil bro! #klutchsports #UNINTERRUPTED #StriveForGreatness
It's your time now Irish!!! #STATE #GOIRISH #IPROMISE #STRIVEFORGREATNESS
Happy St. Patty's Day folks! Have all the fun but please stay safe as well. #GoIrish #IPROMISE #StriveForGreatness
Good seeing the homies! All love over here fam! Keep pushing forward Gs #StriveForGreatness
Levitate. Levitate. Levitate. Levitate #StriveForGreatness
IT'S ON. #SMASHVILLE #Blaze
S/O to Coach D and the squad. Bring it home for our city #WEAREZIPS #WEAREFAMILY #IPROMISE #StriveForGREATNESS
It's Not Who You Are Underneath, It's What You Do That Defines You! #IPROMISE
Nothing like being around great people! Great dinner, great times!
Congrats Coach D and best of luck in the conference tourney! #GoZips
ALL BLACK!!!! I see you with the Cavs love too. I hope you guys enjoy the ride.
From home, to the office, to the court, I wouldn't be successful without the people I have around me. BIG s/o to my guy Will who's been killing it at Blaze in Storrs, CT!! Received an email this morning with Will's story and I'm proud of the work he's putting in.    PEOPLE. PEOPLE. PEOPLE. That's the key.
They make my world go 'round… #BestJobInTheWorld #CantForgetBabyGirl #IPROMISE
It just runs in the family! Healthy lifestyles in the James Gang household. Even Baby Z putting that work in. Mother/Daughter combo. #StriveForGreatness #IPROMISE
Apa pun yang terjadi hari ini, jadilah diri terbaik Anda.  Coba lagi dalam doa dan harapan terbaik Anda.  Tuhan selalu bersama Anda, jangan menyerah.   Mario Teguh - Loving you all as always
Katakanlah Aamiin atau Like,  jika doa pagi ini adalah doa Anda juga …  Tuhan,  lancarkanlah urusanku hari ini, mampukanlah aku menyelesaikan yang selama ini sulit, dan baikkanlah rezekiku.   Mohon batalkanlah fitnah yang ditujukan kepadaku, dan justru muliakanlah aku karenanya.  Aamiin  ---------------  Mario Teguh – Loving you all as always
Sahabat-sahabat saya yang berpuasa, katakanlah Aamiin atau Like, jika doa puasa hari ini adalah doa Anda juga.  Love you! :) :) :)  . Mario Teguh  Selamat makan Sahur ya?  Semoga di bulan yang penuh rahmat ini, semua kerinduan hati Anda dipenuhi.  Aamiin :) :) :)
Selamat Sahur ya?  Love you! :) :) :)  Mario Teguh
Katakanlah Aamiin atau Like, jika doa malam ini adalah doa Anda juga ...  Tuhan, aku mohon malam ini Kau runtuhkan kesedihan dan kegalauan dari hati dan pikiranku.  Bangunkanlah aku esok sebagai pribadi yang damai, yang lancar urusannya, yang besar rezekinya, yang diterima dengan luas oleh sesamaku, dan yang dicintai dengan setia.  Aamiin  --------------------  Mario Teguh - Loving you all as always
Memang engkau harus tampil secantik mungkin,  tapi itu bukan yang paling penting.   Indahkanlah hatimu.   Kecantikan hati mengindahkan segala sesuatu.   Mario Teguh  -----------------  Kita sependapat? :) :) :)
Katakanlah Aamiin atau Like,  jika doa senja ini adalah doa Anda juga ...  Tuhan, mohon ikhlaskanlah aku memaafkan diriku yang belum berhenti membuat kesalahan.  Buatlah aku menerima bahwa kesalahan itu wajar bagiku,  karena ia adalah tanda bahwa aku harus memperbaiki diri.  Tuhan, matangkanlah pribadiku, lapangkanlah jalanku menuju masa depan yang kaya dan bahagia.  Aamiin  -------------  Mario Teguh - Loving you all as always
Sesungguhnya, kehidupanmu ini adalah tangga naik yang dibentuk oleh urutan penyelesaian.  Semakin banyak yang kau selesaikan, dan semakin baik engkau menyelesaikannya, akan semakin baik dan berderajat hidupmu.  Mario Teguh
Haters gonna hate.   Memang pembenci akan membenci.  Tapi, untuk apa memikirkan perubahan mereka, padahal perubahanmu sendiri adalah yang saat ini paling penting.  Berfokuslah menjadi pribadi yang terlalu besar untuk mereka kecilkan, dan terlalu tinggi untuk mereka rendahkan.  Kalian semua akan menua, dan yang berjaya nanti adalah yang sukses, bukan yang sombong saat muda tapi susah dan minder saat tua.   Mario Teguh - Loving you all as always
Om Mario, kenapa saya sering tersudut oleh nasihat Om?  Lebih baik tersudut oleh nasihat saya, daripada tersudut dalam kesulitan hidup.  Mario Teguh
Jika engkau memperhatikan dengan hatimu yang bening,  sebetulnya engkau disebut kuat karena engkau setia kepada keikhlasan bahwa segala sesuatu terjadi dengan ijin Tuhan,  dan terjadi dengan niat untuk membaikkan diri dan kehidupanmu.   Sesungguhnya keikhlasan adalah kekuatan hati karena kejernihan pikiran.   Mario Teguh
Katakanlah Aamiin atau Like, jika doa pagi ini adalah doa Anda juga ...  Tuhan, redakanlah kegelisahanku,  sembuhkanlah aku dari kekecewaan,  dan susutkanlah kemarahanku.  Tuhan, gembirakanlah aku hari ini dengan rezeki yang besar dan perlakuan yang baik kepadaku.  Aamiin  -----------------  Mario Teguh - Loving you all as always
Sahabat-sahabat saya yang berpuasa, katakanlah Aamiin atau Like, jika doa puasa hari ini adalah doa Anda juga.  Love you! :) :) :)  . Mario Teguh  Selamat makan Sahur ya?  Semoga di bulan yang penuh rahmat ini, semua kerinduan hati Anda dipenuhi.  Aamiin :) :) :)
Katakanlah Aamiin atau Like,  jika doa malam ini adalah doa Anda juga ...  Tuhan, sabarkanlah aku di dalam kesulitanku,  kuatkanlah aku di dalam ujianku,  jagalah aku tetap tegak di dalam kegagalan dan kekecewaanku.  Mohon bantulah aku memantaskan diri bagi suksesku.  Aamiin  -----------------  Mario Teguh  -  Loving you all as always
Berpikir logis dan hormati diri.   Jika dia setia, dia untuk Anda. Jika dia pergi, tadinya dia juga datang tanpa diundang.   Mario Teguh
Katakanlah Aamiin atau Like,  jika doa senja ini adalah doa Anda juga ...  Tuhanku Yang Maha Damai dan Maha Sejahtera,  Bersama tenggelamnya matahari di senja ini,  jadikanlah kekasih kecilMu ini tabah dalam kesulitan  dan penuh syukur dalam rezeki yang baik.   Mohon kuatkanlah pundakku,  sehingga seberat-beratnya beban akan terasa ringan bagiku.  Aamiin  -----------------  Mario Teguh - Loving you all as always
They petty for this one ya'll. Would ya'll do this?
Some of these scenes was just awkward period parents seein it or not. Thats why i stick to comedy.
Last chance at winning meet and greet tickets this weekend. Get after it!
Ay, it be like that sometimes. Be sittin on the couch scrollin yo timeline in pain.
Chicago! Tomorrow June 24th & Saturday June 25th Martin Lawrence is The Chicago Theatre! Get more info here: bit.ly/1MBdZpg #DoinTime
Ay ya'll, they got me, now I gotta get ya'll ass.
Now this is funny!!! This how they be ya'll?
This shit gotta stop ya'll. Each one teach one. See something say something, cause this is gettin outta control.
Mufuckas don't never give up do they ya'll?
#WWMDW What would Martin do Wednesdays episode today is: she wanna hit wit no commit. Go to my app #Runteldat to hear my response #TeamMartyMar
Chicago! Marty Mar is coming to the The Chicago Theatre this Friday June 24th & Saturday June 25th!  Get more info here: bit.ly/1MBdZpg #DoinTime
Damn, now thats tough. In front of everybody on the internet though? Break up with me in private, write me a letter, send a smoke signal, don't do it on Facebook.
This real shit right here, cause if I see it said "Read" an you ain't replied, thats yo ass.
Now this some crazy shit. People be wild as hell out here ya'll.
Just keepin it real.
50 bucks in free rides on me. Just use my code Martin and you good. http://lyft.com/i/MARTIN
Hey, if they payin, keep sellin that Flat Tummy Tea, can't knock the hustle baby.
We giving away some tickets + meet & greets for my Chicago shows this weekend on my free #RunteldatApp. Y'all think you smart? Go test your #MartinTriviaTuesday knowledge.
23 times though? She goin down in the hall of fame for not giving a FUCK.
Taking a poll on how my fans feel about how we dressed back in the 90s vs how the younger generation dresses these days #TriviaTuesday #TeamMartyMar #Runteldat
Chicago this weekend Marty Mar is at The Chicago Theatre 6/24 & 6/25! Get more info here. #DoinTimeTour
No words, ya'll gotta see this for yourself.
Damn it, why they have to do Tinkerbell like that? Its always somebody that take it there ain't it.
Damn, everybody kickin the man ain't they. Helluvah ball player, he ain't got nothing to be shamed of.
They bringing him back ya'll. I know he hate that he took this picture.
I been thinkin this same shit. Somebody educate ya boy please.
I'm rollin with Pops on that one. Took the words right outta my mouth.
Congrats to @kingjames and the #Cavaliers. Made history and got one for the land. #NBA
Missouri! #DoinTimeTour is coming your way soon! bit.ly/1MBdZpg
Got me looking crazy lol but I got the best fans! Post your favorite #MartinMemeMonday on the #Runteldat app #TeamMartyMar
I don't een know what I'm lookin for but I ain't gone stop til i find it.
This real shit right here. You ain't gotta lie to kick it. Post the real picture, the one with the crust in ya eyes, that's what i wanna see.
Naaaa it couldn't had just been meth, look like he was smokin that OOOOOOOOH WEEEEEEEEE! Done fucked his face all the way up.
Hell yeah. Be thinkin "should i act like i don't see em, or take this chair and wwe they ass?"
I'm tryina hang out with Grandpa Jerry. He got jokes.
Now this is real. Don't let em.
Granny use to always say, "Every dog has it's day, and a good dog has two." This the proof.
Go head Kate, can't be mad at that. Might need a playa from the Himalayas, I know my boy Jerome might be interested.
When all else fails, post some pix an get ya chill on.
Real talk. Am i the only one?
Hell naw!!! Fellas, i bet not see nobody in this shit. Ya'll better do push ups and pull ups like everybody else.
Junk food? It's some freaks out here ya'll.
Awwww shit. No words yall. No words. He got heart though I'll say that.
Interview with Tony Scott on 105.7 KRNB! Dallas, TX see you tonight at Verizon Theatre at Grand Prairie! #DoinTime bit.ly/1MBdZpg
Got him on camera. You ain't never too young to become a dog person.
They probably ain't even make it to the dance. This look like it turned into "Prom & Pregnant". Ya'll meme this for ya boy, i wanna read what jokes ya'll got.
You know he only bought em to match the fit. Can't hate when they tryina stay fly out here.
Soundcheck in H-town!! See y'all tonight #DoinTime bit.ly/1MBdZpg
Can't never be educated enough on it. I'm just tryina spread the knowledge.
Hulu an Hang just aint the same. Them Netflix memes be gettin me ya'll. That shit be hilarious.
Now that's love. Taylor is proof that you can do anything you set your mind to. Respect brotha.
You ain't in that much of a damn hurry to put some draws on yo head like it's a scarf. Ladies, if you can't fit the draws no more throw em away, no more ass scarves.
Ya boy is in Houston! Check out this interview with Majic 102.1 with Funky Larry Jones about my favorite Martin episode and my show tonight at NRG Park Arena! bit.ly/1MBdZpg
Ya boy is in Houston! Check out this interview with Majic 102.1 with Funky Larry Jones about my favorite Martin episode and my show tonight at NRG Park Arena! bit.ly/1MBdZpg
We gotta stop this shit ya'll. Got milk ass head.
Them young crop jobs be gettin em every time. Catfishin
Gotta start sayin YADA ya'll, cause I'm bout tired of hearin YOLO.
They say everybody got one, i'm kinda up in the air on this one. What ya'll think?
Damn we done came a long way since Atari.
This was me yesterday. I shoulda posted the fit. I was killin em ya'll.
Me tellin my family enough with the pictures! #iswearilivewithpaparazzi
What Would Martin Do Wednesdays with this week's episode: what to do when yo boys don't like yo lady. Go to the app #Runteldat to see my respond. #TeamMartyMar
Well damn...They got me lookin at Wednesday different as hell.
This me all day. You gotta literally walk me to the pussy cause i ain't good at hints. I don't know you like me till you tell me.
Can't be mad at em for tryin. A few of these had ya boy rollin though.
As a parent I damn show ain't tryina read these. The Mama in #4 raw with it ain't she?
Why ya'll be doin us like that ladies? Face be frowned up over breakfast til dinner time.
We be lovin them dimples, been seein people bouta pass out actin like they got em too.
This real talk right here. Be lookin dumb as hell, but still tryina be cute.
Only in the hood...
#TriviaTuesdays take this poll y'all and tell me who u got! Go to #Runteldat app by #Victorious #TeamMartyMar #NBA
Couple of em had me surprised, I wouldn't had guessed. It's all good, just don't go overboard with it, and don't stand in the sun too long, have yo ass melting. Literally.
Missouri!! Ol Marty Mar is coming to St. Louis July 29th & Kansas City July 30th! Get more info here: bit.ly/1MBdZpg
Gotta trick em fellas. Say sorry before they even start talkin. Gets they ass every time.
It look like Kansas got it poppin, only problem is ain't shit to do but Milk some cows. Farm n Chill?
Is it just me or is them tittys too big for them small ass arms? An I feel bad for #14, birds will find a way to get yo ass no matter what.
A lot of these made ya boy laugh. #4 made me spit my drink out. An for #6, Moms be knowin, always.
Missouri!! Ol Marty Mar is coming to St. Louis July 29th & Kansas City July 30th! Get more info here: bit.ly/1MBdZpg #DoinTime
Granny saw all that didn't she. Peep her reaction though. Priceless.
#MartinMemeMonday With all the mess that's going on in this world, we def need some laughter. #comedy #laughterisgoodforthesoul #TeamMartyMar #Runteldat
I ain't never heard of no damn 'strapboob' but i ain't mad at it, and tell me more..
Where my office people at? I'd set up some kinda camera or something to catch whoever stole my food. Tell me about a note you seen at your job that was funny.
This how all news be though. They get you with them headlines. "New diet, fat eats itself" an shit like that. They be slick though, cause they be gettin me.
Ya'll gone thank ya boy after reading this one. I might do a few of these my damn self. I'm tired of Netflix an chillin.
That's what I'm talkin bout!! Thicker the better too! I'm tired of seein some of these girls on stage, lookin hungry, stomach touchin they backs an shit. I want cute in the face, thick in the waist. Where my thick women at?
Two things you shouldn't have in your hand when you drunk, another drink and yo damn phone. Half us can't text right when we sober let alone on some drunk shit.
Some dads be funny. Can't even front on em. Which one made ya'll laugh the hardest? I'm goin for the E book myself.
You definitely gone need to round up the homies on a few of these. #5 an #21, ain't no fun unless the homies get some. We got the wingman, Ladies what name you got for ya girls?
I know i'm wrong for this one but #11 look like a leather wallet don't it?
Texas!! Ol Marty Mar is coming to Houston June 17th & Dallas June 18th! Get more info here: bit.ly/1MBdZpg #DoinTime
Secret is right, cause i ain't know none of this shit. Who be the one finding this stuff out?
I definitely ain't see that coming. i just wanna know how many people he helped move. He thought he was invited to the sleepover but it was really a moving party.
Fellas if yo lady ain't said this to you yet, she don't like you like that. They don't want the world to know, they just want the girls they see liking all your pictures to know, am I right ladies?
I don't be hatin on nobody's love, but uh... Ain't nobody checkin fa neither one ya'll asses.
Ay, i been doin it for years. Two birds with one stone if you ask ya boy.
Texas!! Ol Marty Mar is coming to Houston June 17th & Dallas June 18th! Get more info here: bit.ly/1MBdZpg #DoinTime
Gotta keep it fresh in that bedroom, i like to dress up as different people for my lady so she feel like she seein new people. I be callin from different numbers and all that. I got jealous though, She start liking the other me's more than the regular me.
This should be called "White people havin hella fun". Chive, holla at ya boy Marty Mar, ya'll need some brothas up in there.
Had a great time in Philly. Thanks to @kevinsbraga for providing a great dinner and service to me and my party. #sbraga #finedining #philly
Can't tell me God ain't good. This the proof right here. Principal coulda been faster with that diploma though. You seen her comin, should've been out an ready. Go head Macy!!
Now this some science fa yo ass right here, literally. Ain't nothin wrong with a little junk.
#MartinFanFriday Y'all should check out this track here: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5cYoe1Vmn2E  I'm always amazed by artists inspired by the Martin show. Much love to @itscamjae and @famous_dex
If this don't make you feel good you ain't got no soul. Casey tougher than a lot of people i know, got that heart.
#4 is the best written reply ya boy has ever read. That was dope, but you gotta be careful with that autocorrect, when in doubt, proofread that shit before you hit send.
Ay, my man really do look like Pitbull though. He better learn how to rap and get this money for real for real. Funny thing is, #11 an #13 really look like the real people.
Daaaaaaaamn, not the Habanero Pepper Juice. cant trick these women, they always find out, an Karma ain't no joke. Who been cheated on? What happened?
I just wanna know who the hell is doin all this research? Ladies, what ya'll think about #6? Be real
Hood ain't changed, lockin slim jims, and got hub caps for bathroom keys.
What Would Martin Do Wednesdays: when your girl's girl tryin to throw that thing at u. To see the full & my response-Go to the app #Runteldat #isitasetup #dontgetyoirdinkycaught #TeamMartyMar
Doin the damn thang aint she? An was it just me or did the camera man start off perfect in the beginning? I mean let me know if IM trippin.
St. Louis! Come hang out with ya boy July 29th at Chaifetz Arena. More Info here. bit.ly/DoinTimeTour  #DoinTime
The boy can BALL.
I need some ladies to verify some of this for ya boy, cause I don't know. You know women will hold it in til fellas leave for work so we don't see em in the bathroom.
"I'm so mean, I make medicine sick." Truly the greatest. You'll be missed Champ.
I know i'm late but when i saw this i was like "NOOOOOOOO, Don't look steph!! Don't look, Ayesha gone be in that ass if you look."
Two words.... FUCK.....THAT. Dave bouta get ate trying to take pictures. White people crazy, I'm sorry. I'm scared lookin at the video and I aint even at the golf course.
Now I wanna see a followup video, cause I watched this shit like 8 times and I wanna know what happened next.
Guess what I did today y'all? #Vote #Exerciseyourright
Now THIS man is a real life super hero, forget bout the X men an Captain America, this story just made my day ya'll.
St. Louis!! July 29th ya boy is coming to Chaifetz Arena!! More info here. bit.ly/DoinTimeTour #DoinTime
I aint know you could break the internet, but after lookin at some of them pictures, I don't want it to be fixed no time soon. I aint mad at her.
They always say if you wanna know what a woman will look like when she get older, look at moms. I dated a girl one time, mama looked like Bookman from Good Times, I had to get out early.
Everybody gotta start somewhere. I remember them days. Just me an the drunk guy in the back. "You're funny JJ"
Now that's impressive. That boy good, damn near better than Bruce. What they gone do when he don't wanna do nap time though?
#MartinMemeMonday by app use Mrs Lawrence posted this meme on my app #Runteldat. Damn r Monday's that bad? Lol Go to the app and post your funniest meme for Monday #TeamMartyMar
120 STACKS!? Damn, she could've spent that and MADE a disney movie.
#TeamMartyMar thank you for all the love and support!! Next week ya boy is Doin Time in Houston & Dallas.  bit.ly/DoinTimeTour  6/17/16 NRG Arena / Houston, TX 6/18/16 Verizon Theatre / Dallas, TX 6/24/16 Chicago Theatre / Chicago, IL  6/25/16 Chicago Theatre / Chicago, IL  7/29/16 Chaifetz Arena / St. Louis, MO 7/30/16 Sprint Center / Kansas City, MO
I can't front on this one, they droppin knowledge.
Can't fail em, technically they answered the questions. Shout out to creativity. Got some future comedians I see.
And he don't never lose either...
#MuhammadAli #Respect #RIP #Champion
RIP to the GREATEST #MuhammadAli. Much love, prayers, and blessings to him and his family. #BoxingChampion #Champion #Floatlikeabutterfly
Netflix an chillin by my damn self I guess.
What I tell ya'll....HUSTLERS!! Kris gettin all that bread! Kris, adopt ya boy!!
Ready to hit the stage! #TeamMartyMar see y'all soon! #DoinTime bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
That's love, giving free fades on the street. Bet you God give him VIP passes to Heaven or something for this. Where my barbers at?
ooooooh weeeeeee! I'm trying to tell ya'll, Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned!
Been hearing i ain't posting nothing for my ladies, so this is for ya'll. Make sure ya'll use this, I'm tired of seein women looking good from the head to the ankle, but they hands lookin like graham crackers.
I hope this helps the fellas cause we been losing for YEARS, time for a comeback.
This made me spit my drink out it was so funny. Yooooo "Say no more fam".
I don't know who started this, but ya boy is glad they did.
I'm just glad the baby okay, i know them other gorillas probably scared to come out they cage now, they aint trying to take no pictures, or nothing. "You aint bouta catch me slippin."
Shoutout to the mamas that bounced right back after birth. You know them women that be sayin they can't go to the gym cause the baby, but the baby aint a baby, he'll be 30 in August.
#MartinFanFriday artwork by @lioputra this is nice man! Featuring fan work on my app #Runteldat #TeamMartyMar
This why mama's give you the speech before you get out the car. "Don't touch nothing, don't ask for nothing, won't be nothing."
Ready to hit the stage! #TeamMartyMar see y'all soon! #DoinTime http://bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
This aint the 80s no more, the smaller kid will beat yo ass. Everybody know that UFC shit now. I hate bullies, I don't condone this but i bet yo ass he think twice next time.
Be careful with that plastic surgery, have your face lookin like a ceramic mask, lookin like you surprised all the damn time. To each is own though
I don't even know what im suppose to be lookin for but i be damned if dont keep lookin and find it.
Some of em yeah okay, but damn sure not all 15. I mean ya'll be the judge. Who look most alike to ya'll? Cause maybe ya boy is trippin.
What i tell you...Them Kardashians know how to party. Got models everywhere. Gotta enjoy your youth, before you be the old mufucka at the barbecue yellin bout the volume.
#TBT Name this movie y'all. #TeamMartyMar #Runteldat
This boy was on FIRE!!! One of the biggest child stars of all time right there.  i don't know what the fuck was goin on in 2012 though.
They city must be crime free. Cause this took time to coordinate. Next time somebody in they city get pulled over just play this video
Ay, say what you want, but them Kardashians know how to find them a check. Kris can sell water to a whale, family full of hustlers. But that face swappin shit is creepy to me, im the only one?
They forgot the thick girls, the creators of the tugging movement. How you forget the innovators? Glad I clicked it but still..
My kids stay settin me up fuckin around with that snapchat. #daddyduties #IthoughtIwastakinapicture #setup #itsasabotage
Funny thing is they still look the damn same. That black don't crack, it be bending, but damn sho don't crack. Barkley tux make me think he musta lost a bet.
#WWMDW what would Martin do Wednesdays with this week's episode: should she have a threesome with her friend? Go to my app #Runteldat to see my answer #TeamMartyMar
Now THIS was funny as hell. Everybody hit the dab on em. Ya'll see the boy at the end? He stole the show.
Damn all that, i tried to be celibate before. Ya boy went a whole 11 days...it was hours, but the shit felt like years. Much respect for people who can hold out tho.
I got cheated on before, she was with a brotha that looked like me too, thats what hurt. I saw him and knew i had to be high, cause i was looking at my damn self.
Why they do my boy like this? They be goin in with the cryin jordan faces on everybody dont they?
More like her boo was beatin something up....Don't hate the player..
One question...HOW THE FU--Nevermind, all i know is somebody need they ass whooped, cant be the animals so where the owners at?
Go to my app and place your vote on #Runteldat by Victorious. #GinaWaters vs #MissTrinidad #Martin #TeamMartyMar
Ay, well, looks like ya boy bouta be doin this challenge. Damn the runnin man challenge, I aint postin no videos though.
Shiiiiiiiit, they must not want no work to get done if they trippin like that. I'm curious now, what kinda rules they got at some of ya'll jobs?
None of that shit was goin down...
Ladies love them some Darryl. That walkin dead be havin me go through withdrawls. October can't get here fast enough, ya boy need to know what happened!!!
That boy the truth right there. Gotta give em his props, I'm a fan.
This picture says it all!! You talkin bout makin ya boy scream laughin!! Can't hate though, if people donate, more power to em. Wish this was around when I was a youngin.
You know Beyonce got anthems to get yo ass over a breakup, get some Too Short up in there an you in the game. "Whats my favorite word!"
GOT EEEEEEM!!!! She got them cakes on the right tho!!!!
Damn, this some of that real right here. I done been through a lot of em. If ya'll arguing over who had the remote last, its definitely time for somebodys ass to get out.
Dont hold nothin back from me, I wanna know it all. Especially how i am in that bedroom, you gotta tell me if im puttin it down like i think i be puttin it down.
Ya boy ol Marty Mar is back on the stage Doin' Time in June! Tickets available now! bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
I'm with yall on alotta this, especially with the dressing rooms but I cant fold them damn shirts like ya'll had em, I'm sorry. Where my Retail workers at? This true? What do ya'll hate?
That boy got a brow on him dont he yall? He did his thang in Barbershop make sure ya'll check that out if you havent already. Cube! What up!
They bouta make bank! Eat one of these right after you hit the club aint gone be no drunk dialing the ex, we still gone text but be damned if we call too.
Me every time, i dont care how far i am from the crib either, we goin back to get mine. Pastor can be in the middle of a sermon, sorry pastor, i be right back.
They use to be all over this man! You couldn't tell my sisters he wasn't they man. Where my 80s babies at?
I'm gone go with homie on the right. Ya'll agree?
Ya boy ol Marty Mar is back on the stage in June! Tickets on sale now! #DoinTime
Got his ass Red Handed!!! Glad the camera was on too!!
Mad respect for lil homie. That's big right there. He aint slick though, cause I know the girls was all on em after this. His summer bouta be on an Crackin.
I got y'all this weekend, for $50 in free rides
Took ya boy a minute, i cant front.
I'm a dog lover. I'm mad they aint get a pic of ya boy Marty Mar up in there, I'm probably in the next article.
This be me everytime. What does USB even short for? Who know?
#6, the ONLY person on the plane with they readin light on when everybody trying to sleep. Hate that shit, be wantin to get up an turn it off, an look em in the eye when i do it too.
Martin Lawrence is back on the stage Doin' Time June 17th in Houston, TX! More info here. #DoinTime
Well damn, glad i know now. Aint bouta catch ya boy slippin no more. They forgot about the nasty mufuckas that don't be washin they hands an grabbin the door handle.
You know you mad when you write a note about some shit. #14 liable to get they ass whooped if that had been my car.
For all my dog people. This be how my babies be lookin at me when it's that time.
Glad they explained it, cause I always wanted to know. Remember in school, you knew who was shittin cause you knew they shoes?
You KNOW you fuckin a lot when you start makin "how to" videos, cant hate the playa.
oooooooh weeeeee! #5 must be painful, some of these dont seem bad at all though.
Waitin on Friday like...
Missouri! Marty Mar is coming July 29th to Chaifetz Arena in St. Louis & July 30th to Sprint Center in Kansas City! Tickets on sale now!
This just telling me 10 hotels not to visit. White people be killin me with this haunted shit. Black folks don't do ghosts, soon as we hear a funny sound we already packed up an in the car.
Hell Naw!! Can't blame the man for trying though. This is why some people should have supervision before they allowed to post some shit.
These them breakup cakes, who the fuck want ice cream after readin this?
#WWMDW what would Martin do...today's episode is a good guy tryin to be a #badboy #Runteldat #mudholeindatass go to the app and check out the entire clip #teammartymar
Gotta be careful with them tatts, just make sure if you gone tattoo somebody name on yo ass, they gotta fixable names, you can change alex to A Lexus, can't change Quankisha.
Ay, thats just raw talent, cant hate on that. Doin one of these is impressive but 30? Shit, gotta show love.
They always get me with this shit, i dont know why i be fallin for it. Be honest, who got it right on the first try?
Some of this shit is just too much. I aint the one, you do some of this around me and thats yo ass, no other solution. Am i right?
Daaaaaaaaamn them Sharks rolled up like they had beef. "You was talkin all that shit earlier, got my boys with me now".
This for all them "New" parents out there thinkin they bouta get some rest, probably been up since 4am today already.
I miss my man Kermit, these pictures use to have me hollerin! Marty Mar always got love for em
What can I say, I been tryina tell y'all winter was comin for years. Marty Mar was the original Jon Snow.
Texas! Ya boy Martin Lawrence is coming June 17th to NRG Park Arena & June 18th to Verizon Theatre at Grand Prairie! #DoinTime #Houston Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeHouston  #Dallas Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeDallas
Some of this cant even be put on the kids, some of they parents need they ass whooped for lettin em go out like that. Got the baby Lookin like the Compton Statue of Liberty.
Just posted a new poll on my app #Runteldat! Go to the app and make your pick #TeamMartyMar #sneakerheads #jordans
This for my Star Wars fans. Gotta love her, that mask scared the shit outta me at first tho.
If you aint dated them, you ARE them. Tag a yeller.
Anytime I see a white guy with a afro i gotta see whats goin on. I agree with a few of these but ladies educate the fellas, which one is the realest?
Numbers don't lie ladies. Lemme stop before they start doin the shit to us an flippin it. Yall know we'd be outside in some flip flops an a cowboy hat on in the rain playin some Jodeci crying.
#Runteldat app for #MartinMemeMonday go to the app and caption this meme! This is what one of the fans came up with
Fellas ya'll gotta stop with the dick pics man. I got a in person situation i aint tryina have big Marty Mar all up in the cloud an shit. Mess around an it don't come down.
Lotta ladies be doing #16 too much. Which one ya'll be seeing women do the most? Keep it real too!
Texas! Ya boy Marty Mar is coming June 17th to NRG Park Arena & June 18th to Verizon Theatre at Grand Prairie! #DoinTime #Houston Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeHouston  #Dallas Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeDallas
I like to have my window down an stare at em when they roll up so they know I peeped game.
Billions? Shiiiiiiiit, I might have to holla at Barack real quick, get him to make some changes before November. Cause ya'll know I'm tryin to get to the yams!!
I rebuke thee in the name of Ratchet an Bad decisions! Stay back Satan. Mama Payne Voice.
Thats creativity right there! Makin it happen out here with the arts an crafts, saved a grip of bread doin it that way. I wanna see her hustle the Walmart deal outta this.
Lurkin asses!! Hi Hater! Keep killin em with success an make em watch.
Sometimes you need to keep yo ass in the house. Club shit get old after a while. Girl with the fist in her mouth tryina drop some hints.
Texas! Ya boy ol Marty Mar is heading your way soon! #DoinTime #Houston Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeHouston  #Dallas Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeDallas
Everybody got that auntie. Why they do my man Snoop like this tho! Can't front, this some funny shit. If you aint scared tag a auntie.
Ay I'm curious to what ya'll think on this one. How you feel when celebs don't sign autographs? I'm gone always show love when people show ya boy love.
He think he slick, he brought his pussy with him....I couldnt resist yall, i had to.
Happens to the best of us. I'm just glad Kanye had draws on and aint pull a Lenny Kravitz with the leather pants and the fallin out part. Pause by the way.
I hate seein this. Ladies help each other out, dont let a stranger do too much in the club. Please. Each one teach one, lookin like Ronald McDonald daughter an i'm not lovin it.
Ay, now this some shit you can't unsee. You know if the ride only cost $3 you gone see some crazy shit. Public means anybody with $3 can get on.
Maury done called my bluff, we been sayin we was goin all week. Gone head, aint nobody in there right now no way, get ya private workout on. Im right behind yall.
Oh Costco done messed up lettin this get out. Cause ya boy buys in bulk. I'm bouta be all up in this thang. Where my smart shoppers at?
This bouta be all my weed heads faces after 5 today, get you some cranberry juice sunday morning though just in case they try an 'randomly' test yo ass come Monday morning. 100% too dont get the juice cocktail. I'm tryina help.
One of them secrets better be that somebody knew the end was comin and ain't say shit cause they was tired of workin there anyway.
Texas! Ol Marty Mar is coming your way soon! #DoinTime #Houston Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeHouston  #Dallas Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeDallas
Well damn, I aint gone front, some of this shit need to be banned everywhere though. The hell you doin with a mullet in 2016?
Lookin at the clock tryina decide if you gone take a long bathroom break THEN go to lunch or fake a important phone call til lunch.
Special shout out to @ivbentaqiy who made this special piece for me. He was front row at my show in Philly. Much love man! #martysfansgottalent #MartinFanFriday #TeamMartyMar #Runteldat
Be the dumbest shit in the world. I use to go straight in, "look here, I don't know what I'm doin but I pick up shit quick, all i need is two checks to get back up and I'll be gone, how soon can I start on these fries?"
Well damn. Some of that kinda make sense. I don't know on a lot of that though. Which ones yall agree with? Educate ya boy on this one.
They doin yall wrong ladies, it don't be this bad do it? These be the girls that don't be giving a damn though. All up in the grocery store with no scarf to be found.
We done all had that look before, this the "here come that bullshit" face. Tag a momma.
Shiiiiiiiiiit. Gigi trippin, all we gotta do is get married, not stay married. We can get the annulment after "I do", cash the check and split it 3 ways. 180 MILLION? Gigi Holla at ya boy. I respect her decision, but damn 180 mil!!!
Damn a discount, soldiers should eat FREE. Bottom line. Don't matter what your political views. They fight for us and deserve it. Wish I was there, I woulda checked the shit out her ass.
Hate when they be trying to be nosey. I got some shit in my phone that can ruin a friendship. Be lookin at me different after, just look at what I'm showin you an keep it movin am i right?
Ya'll know I had to click it cause I saw a brotha on there right. Alex Trebek done made bank, show been on for damn near 30 years.
They wrong, gone roast a baby? I might as well too then. That baby probably retired, pension bouta kick in right after naptime too. I bet he got high blood pressure an only like watchin wolf blitzer on CNN.
Texas! Ol Marty Mar is coming to Houston at the NRG Park Arena June 17th and Dallas June 18th at Verizon Theatre at Grand Prairie! Houston Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeHouston Dallas Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeDallas
Damn this make me wish I aint throw out some of my old shit. Anybody know how much money I can get for some Cross Colour Overalls? I aint sayin I got em, but I'm sayin for the right price I can make em appear.
OOOOH WEEEE! I can already hear the arguments bouta pop off after this one. Gone be some playstations gettin broke, and cars getting keyed up. My bad fellas.
Yall done went too far now. Internet aint lettin the birdman get off the hook no time soon i see.
Ay, say what you want, but they made some legendary music, and some superstars came outta there. Bet ya'll aint know my boy Hammer was on Death Row did you? Pumps and a Bumps.

See ladies, a lil arguing is good from time to time....A LITTLE though, dont be tryina take the shit overboard.
He definitely deserve a big ass tip for this. I cant even front, at first glance i thought this was my boy Flavor Flav.
Ay, all i can say is, Dat boi funny as hell.
Chicago! A new show is being added to The Chicago Theatre June 25th! Tickets on sale this Friday, May 20th! Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeTour #DoinTime #Chicago
Ass woulda been beat that day if I was Seacrest. But he's a good dude, i couldnt just laugh that off though.
Daaaamn, Thriller sound like a completely different song. It's still at hit, but i guess you never know what artists almost put out instead.
Hate that shit. People still be taking the picture an posting it though. Don't you see how ya face look right now? At least take it from the big girl up high angle to hold back so much face in the camera.
H-Town! Ol Marty Mar is coming to the NRG Park Arena June 17th! Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeTour #DoinTime #Houston
#16 made me laugh though. The funny shit be when people try to correct you and they shit be wrong too. Which one got yall?
That tree been rockin for years. Whats a dead leaf to a boss.
Damn, they putting the names out too? This look more like a list of the next 50 people bouta get jacked to me. Cant say you aint got it?
You be wantin to text back an say "I see you read the shit, the fuck is takin so long!" Just me?
Thats how it be too. Can't believe they kept the dresses since high school. I tried on a suit from a year ago and said fuck it.
Bad part is I still don't know if it is or not. If it aint, Tom daddy got some explaining to do. Cause poppa was a rollin stone.
Look like they forgot one. They forgot the "Built like a Truck-domorph", Thats where she got the linebacker body with the ballerina legs.
This every parent worse nightmare. Thats why i dont text. Damn a text call me.
Brooklyn, New York it's been real! Much love to everyone that came to the show last night!! Had fun kickin it with y'all #DoinTime #Runteldat #TeamMartyMar #barclayscenter #Brooklyn
Thats just how they be on that candy crush still too. I keep gettin invites to that bullshit.
Old school givin me hope out here. I aint gone front though, at first glance this shit is just wrong. What happened to gettin old an fat, we aint doin that no more? Abs at 61
Couldn't be in #NYC and not get a street hot dog! #EastCoast #BrooklynAreYouReady #BarclaysCenter See y'all tonight!
Why they do my boy Drake like this? An Lebron tall as hell, thats more like views from the 7. Which one made yall laugh the most?
Maaaaan this took ya boy back!!! i use to think dvds was just a fad, i guess Blockbuster did too. Whats yall favorite 90s memory?
Cant hate on good advertisement. Whoever came up with this need a raise. Sofa king smart.
Sorry young homie i cant agree with you on this one. The fans make us who we are, least you can do is take a picture. Be mad when they dont wanna take a picture witcho ass.
Where the Scandal heads at? Who up on they Scandal facts? I cant even front, ya boy be watching. Kerry Washington cold with it aint she?
Brooklyn! Ya boy Marty Mar is coming to the Barclays Center tomorrow May 14th. See ya soon! Tix: bit.ly/DoinTimeTour #DoinTime #Brooklyn
I be like mufucka I'm drunk too. Blind leadin the damn blind.
Yo, i cant even front. THIS is funny. I aint know the President had jokes like that.
This be ya boy all day but at 51 though. Im still trying to figure out what Lit is. Who got lit? And what they light em up for?
Had to start the day with my man Prince. I aint know half this stuff. I had always wondered why him an Mike aint make no hits together too, guess thats why.
Gotta be able to find em in the dark after that bra come on off.
Brooklyn! Ya boy Martin Lawrence is coming to the Barclays Center this weekend May 14th! Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeTour #DoinTime #Brooklyn
A lil throwback for yall. It was the 90s i was fly, but I already know yall gone roast the fit, so gone head, better be funny though.
Ay when that hot light come on you gotta make it happen. I just wanna know what they putting in them donuts. I shouldnt be sweating in my sleep craving a glaze is all I'm sayin.
141 okay thats whats up. But where my 200 pound an up ladies at. I like em thick in the waist cute in the face. Aint nothing wrong with a lil junk. Everybody need a lil shade in the summer time.
I dont know bout all that. Ass is ass, long as her man dont say nothing bad about it, cause Nick gone be in that dog house for at least 4 more seasons.
It's contest time y'all! Win tickets to meet me at my Barclays Center show Saturday by postin ya best impression of Marty Mar's characters on my #RunteldatApp. Winners announced Friday. Link below. Now #Runteldat #TeamMartyMar #Brooklyn #DoinTime  iOS: http://Apple.co/1QAvUtK Andriod: bit.ly/20Xv4x9 http://bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
Damn, well ay, at least she got the ring. I know some parents been together over 20 something years that JUST got married. They daughter and granddaughter be flower girls an shit.
Gotta love that crab meat.
This right here is proof that we surrounded by some real dumbasses yall. Ear sex tho?
She got the face like she dont find that shit funny AT ALL.
Brooklyn! Ya boy Marty Mar is taking over the Barclays Center this weekend May 14th Tickets: http://bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
Yeah this make me wanna go to the gym...Just not to work out. I'm gone be trying to holla.
Thats what that money do fa yo ass. Celebrity be 300 pounds on Monday an 185 Tuesday morning.
Ooooooooh Weeeeeee, i dont know what happened, but i do know he aint gone be sittin down for a long ass time.
They had me fooled, they need to ask this to regular women. Matter fact, ladies do yall be fakin it? Keep it real witcha boy.
Brooklyn! Ya boy Marty Mar is taking over the Barclays Center this weekend May 14th. Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
Baby was prolly waitin on em to go to sleep i betchu. These kids be crazy now yall, ida switched seats with somebody.
Lil homie did that. MJ would be proud
Ladies yall betta speak up, close mouths dont get fed. Cause ima get mine you betta get yours before i fall asleep on that ass.
I wish ladies knew this what we be thinkin when they say that bullshit then they know to stop sayin it. Am i right fellas?
Judge Joe Brown #Throwback
Khloe musta did that Workout plan from Kanye back in the day. I aint mad at that body now tho.
My #Runteldat fans are posting some hilarious memes for #MartinMemeMondays! Go to the app #Runteldat by Victorious and check it out! #TeamMartyMar
Brooklyn! Ya boy ol Marty Mar is coming to the Barclays Center May 14th! Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeBrooklyn
You gotta stay away from that an 'guess what I found', cause thats always the start of that bullshit
Ay all i can say is God bless yoga pants. Im just glad it aint like in the 90s when it was the swooshy pants that made the sound when you wore em. Yall member that?
Ay, what can I say, its all about that ass now. Shoutout to my ladies with the natural ass, AND shout out to all the women with no asses that did something about it. Everybody wins. What yall think?
Them nerds dont play with them video games. Dont say nothin bout video games or Big Bang Theory to em an youll be good.
Brooklyn! Ya boy ol Marty Mar is coming to the Barclays Center May 14th! See ya soon! Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeBrooklyn
Gotta love them Latinas boy. They be fine without even trying. They can say anything sexy, just call me Papi and Im set. Where my Latin sistas at?
I say even faster than that. Dont let em see a chick they dont like.
I aint gone lie, i agree with a few of these. Fellas you gotta always return the favor. But ladies, make sure you at least shaved an smooth, aint nobody tryina go thru no damn forrest at 2am.
Normally I stay outta this shit, but... the fuck is goin on?
Look like the homie just got "Lemonaded", Beyonce done struck again. Man down.
Ya boy bouta go run a stop light in her district real quick. I just hope she use the cuffs.
Ya boy is coming to new cities for the #DoinTimeTour! See y'all soon! Tickets: bit.ly/DoinTimeTour
James was probably they parents favorite too. I hope he share the wealth cause Bob look like he might beat that ass.
Michael Jackson ONE combines the best of Michael and the best of Cirque du Soleil. Head to Vegas to see the only show that appeals to music fans, dance fans, Cirque du Soleil fans and, of course, Michael Jackson fans. And if you are a subscriber to the Michael Jackson Newsletter, you can take advantage of a special offer for tickets to the show. To make sure that you receive the offer, join the Michael Jackson Newsletter now: http://www.michaeljackson.com/newsletter.  For more information about the show, visit the Michael Jackson ONE page: http://www.michaeljackson.com/michael-jackson-one/
"Jackson's sound, style and dance moves inspired subsequent generations of pop, soul, R&B and hip-hop artists." –MTV
Happy summer to those of you in the northern hemisphere! Which of Michael's songs is your favorite for summer listening?
"He became the most significant mainstream dance icon since the mid-century heyday of Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly and Sammy Davis Jr., his signature moves such as the moonwalk and the zombie being copied by thousands of imitators." –The Independent
#FlashbackFriday MJ on set shooting the "Leave Me Alone" video in 1988.
#MJHistory "Scream" peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 this week in 1995.
"You can't be crowned the King of Pop without infiltrating and influencing all facets of pop-ular culture." –Complex, 2014
"Whether by accident or design, Thriller's songs were utterly aspirational." –The Times
"While the show features innovative new Cirque du Soleil acrobatics, cutting-edge video and light effects, state-of-the art surround-sound environment and amazing dance numbers, the star of the show is Michael Jackson." –LasVegas.com. Plan your trip to the fourth annual birthday celebration at Michael Jackson ONE: https://www.facebook.com/events/1029003090508470/
"Jackson's stroke of inspiration was to fuse black R&B and white rock — something that is now routine, but had not at that point been attempted by a big-name pop act." –The Guardian
#MJHistory Michael was on the cover of Ebony Magazine this month in 1988!
"The sound literally envelops every individual in the audience." –Rolling Stone on Michael Jackson ONE's sound experience. #MichaelJacksonONE. Plan to attend the fourth annual birthday celebration. Details: https://www.facebook.com/events/1029003090508470/
"Michael Jackson manages to do more in a week than most manage in a decade." –Creem, June 1983.
He was The Greatest in every sense. Not just as an athlete, but as ambassador for civil rights, humanitarian causes, faith and justice who stood by his principles no matter the cost and inspired hearts and minds in every corner of the world. RIP Muhammad Ali.
#FlashbackFriday "He was thoughtful, sensitive, sweet, and had a funny sense of humor." –Brooke Shields
"So much of what Michael Jackson did in music doesn't seem like the work of a mere mortal." –Pitchfork, 2009
We hope everyone has had a chance to watch Michael Jackson's Journey From Motown To Off The Wall, but if you haven't, keep an eye on your local listings. The critically acclaimed documentary is still being broadcast by networks in various countries around the world. Or, if you don't want to wait…you can get it here and watch whenever you like! https://www.shopmichaeljackson.com/products/michael-jackson-off-the-wall-cd-blu-ray
"If you're a rocker, you can mournfully emote over a guitar, and rappers have made an ethic out of being too stone-cold to move onstage. But if you're a man singing pop music today, there's a long, moonwalk-shaped shadow you have to live up to." –The Los Angeles Times
"My goal is to do the best I can in every area, so why work hard on an album and then produce a terrible video? I wanted something that would glue you to the set, something you'd want to watch over and over." –Michael Jackson
#FlashbackFriday Michael with Eddie Murphy and Iman. Which video were they featured in together?
"Thriller remains the nine-song standard that every aspiring prince of pop still pines over way into the 21st century: hands down, the consummate crossover album." –The Village Voice, 2008
"Jackson also expanded the horizons of soul and dance music, producing pioneering masterpieces like 'Billie Jean.'" –Billboard
Entertainment Weekly says: "The focus is always on the performers and Jackson's songs, each staged like a unique masterpiece." View the Michael Jackson ONE masterpiece the next time you're in Vegas: http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"'Xscape' is a relentlessly upbeat rebirth." –NME, May 2014
Come join members of the Estate of Michael Jackson and the Michael Jackson ONE by Cirque du Soleil cast to celebrate the King of Pop's birthday at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.
"The creative process doesn't involve time clocks or quota systems, it involves inspiration and the willingness to follow through." –Michael Jackson
#ThrowbackThursday Michael looking cool on the cover of Jet Magazine in May of 1988.
"Jackson's sound, style and dance moves inspired subsequent generations of pop, soul, R&B and hip-hop artists." –MTV
"I love performing. It's a phenomenal getaway. If you want to really let out everything you feel, that's the time to do it." –Michael on acting.
"He's a wonderful singer, a great dancer, a mesmerizing performer." –Newsweek, 1984
"There's still no mistaking that voice; that fervent intensity he brought to every line." –NPR on "Xscape," May 2014. When was the last time you put "Xscape" on and jammed out? http://michaeljackson.com/music/xscape-deluxe/
Michael's hit, "Dirty Diana," comes to life in a whole new way in Michael Jackson ONE by Cirque du Soleil. See the incredible athleticism and acrobatic skills in action: http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"He forced rock & roll and the mainstream press to acknowledge that the biggest pop star in the world could be young and black, and in doing so he broke down more barriers than anybody." –Rolling Stone
"This song would make crippled robots dance, and Jackson knows it." – Billboard on "Get On The Floor." Who's got the best dance moves to this track from Off The Wall?
"As a solo performer, he enjoyed a level of superstardom previously known only to Elvis Presley, The Beatles and Frank Sinatra." – Rock & Roll Hall of Fame on Michael's success
#FriendlyFriday Michael and Freddie Mercury
"The voice is still a thing of startling, electroshock beauty: spookily fluid, percussively explosive, pitched with both masculine and feminine qualities in a way that is exquisitely, soulfully human." –The Telegraph, May 2014.
"The performance showcases the things that made Michael Jackson such an incomparable performer without reducing the focus to mere idol worship, and it creates its own special moments in the process." –Rolling Stone on Michael Jackson ONE by Cirque du Soleil. http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"Whether you were a musician or just a regular Joe or Jane in 1984, it was hard not to be envious of Jackson." – The GRAMMYs
"Michael Jackson's evolution to being the confident 20-year-old heard in Off the Wall is all here in the film. It includes archival recordings from TV shows and private interviews with the soft-spoken star at his home." - NPR, 2016. Pick up your copy of the album + documentary bundle today!  https://www.shopmichaeljackson.com/products/michael-jackson-off-the-wall-cd-blu-ray
"Beat It" was at the top of the charts this week in 1983.
Michael Jackson ONE celebrates all of Michael's hit songs and his signature moves. Be a part of the experience. http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"Elvis wasn't that, The Beatles aren't that, Michael Jackson was something different." - Nelson George
#MJHistory: MJ and Eddie Murphy on the cover of Jet Magazine in April of 1993.
"I think it's so important to set goals for yourself. It gives you an idea of where you want to go and how you want to get there. If you don't aim for something, you'll never know whether you could have hit the mark." –Michael Jackson
"Jackson created some of the greatest pop anthems of all time." –NME, April 2014. Which is your favorite?
Another great artist gone too soon. The world will always have the joy of his music. RIP Prince.
Escape into a world that could only have been inspired by Michael Jackson's music and artistry, and leave feeling more connected to your world than ever before. Plan your visit: http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"More than any other artist, Jackson ushered in the heyday of the music video, demonstrating its promotional power, raising the bar creatively, and paving the way for greater acceptance of black musicians on MTV." –Vanity Fair
Michael was in Illinois tonight on his "BAD" tour in 1988. Were you there?
"There are few popular dancers today who keep drawing your attention to footwork: He was always one of them." –The New York Times
Which of Michael's tour outfits is your favorite? Is it one of these selections?
"If the entirety of pop music was wiped out in a single instant and you were given the daunting task of having to rebuild it from scratch, Off the Wall would be one of the first seeds you drop in the ground, because virtually every trope you hold dear to this day traces back to Off the Wall's unquestioned influence." – Evan Sawdey, Pop Matters, 2016  http://www.shopmichaeljackson.com/collections/audio/products/off-the-wall-cd-dvd
"I thought I was working hard until I met him!" – Kobe Bryant on Michael Jackson. Congrats to Kobe on starting the next chapter of his life as he retires from the LA Lakers!
"It is a strikingly beautiful and emotional show." – Chicago Tribune on Michael Jackson ONE. Get your tickets: http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"The foundation of his being was an extraordinary god-given musical talent—let's call it the genius that it was." – NYPL The New York Public Library
#FlashbackFriday Michael, Willie Nelson, Lionel Richie, Bob Dylan, Cyndi Lauper, Tina Turner, and Bruce Springsteen on the cover of Life Magazine in April of 1985.
"Always pushing the creative boundaries of music, dance, video, performance and fashion, MJ's influence transcends genre, generation and geography." – Fuse, 2012
#MJTrivia: How many characters did Michael play in his record-setting short film, "Ghosts"?
"Indeed, 'ONE,' created by Jamie King, who once danced alongside Jackson on his Dangerous world tour in 1992-93, is the first Cirque show in a long while to feel as if it has a heart." – Los Angeles Times
"Albums should be for all races, all tastes in music." –Michael Jackson
Michael loved a good practical joke! Anyone have one planned for April Fool's Day? Share your stories with the #MJFAM in the comments.
"Making 'The Wiz' was an education for me on so many levels. As a recording artist I already felt like an old pro, but the film world was completely new to me. I watched as closely as I could and learned a lot." – Michael Jackson
"It's not surprising then that Thriller has been Number One in nine different countries. What's more, almost every track off the album has been turned into a single." –SmashHits, March 1984
Watch the United States Navy Band perform Michael Jackson's "Thriller" in this just-posted video. We are thankful for their service, and happy to see the members of the armed forced also having fun. The band, seen here at the U.S. Navy Memorial, is the official music organization of the U.S. Navy, and is known for playing a wide variety of music styles in many unique settings.
Seriously, when's the last time that you listened to "Unbreakable?" Do it now:
If you need some inspiration for what to create on the brick wall interior of the new "Off The Wall" bundle, check out this creation and don't forget to share your designs:   Get your copy today on CD/DVD or CD/Blu-Ray: http://smarturl.it/mj_otw_cddvd?IQid=fb.mj
#FriendlyFriday Michael with Elizabeth Taylor, Liza Minnelli, and Whitney Houston.
"Xscape wins because Jackson's quivering voice remains foremost in the mix, and the beats, for the most part, smack that sweet spot between what could jolt in the club today and what Jackson himself would green-light." –VIBE, 2014
#MJTrivia: Which of Michael's #1 hits was left out of HIStory: Past, Present, and Future Book 1?
Did you know? Michael Jackson ONE by Cirque du Soleil is a vastly different show than Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL World Tour. Even the theater where it lives has been customized specifically for the show! Can you spot some of the other differences? http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"Jackson's clipped, raspy vocals evoke a sense of foreboding, as the electro-industrial canvas conjures a modern urban setting. Still, the song feels anything but bleak. The beat cracks out of the speakers like a whip and the hook is irresistible." – The Atlantic on "Blood On The Dance Floor", March 2012
Michael was on the cover of TIME magazine this week in 1984. Do you still have your copy?
#ThrowbackThursday Michael with his pal Paul McCartney.
This month in 1988, Michael's call-to-action anthem, "Man In The Mirror," peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart. Where are you starting to make a change in your own world?
"Whatever happens…don't let go of my hand." – From "Whatever Happens" on Invincible. What's your favorite lyric from that album?
"The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work. You couldn't teach a person what I've learned just standing and watching." – Michael Jackson
#FriendlyFriday Michael with Cher in March of 1983.
Now you can learn some interesting facts about each track on OTW in "MICHAEL JACKSON's Journey From Motown To Off The Wall".  For example, do you know how close Michael's original demo for "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough" is to the album track?  http://smarturl.it/mj_docclip3?IQid=fb.mj
"No accessory in pop culture history has enjoyed as much well-earned fame as Jackson's one glove, which made frequent on-stage appearances throughout his career." – Glamour
"Seeing him always from a distance, I thought of him as the instrument of his producing operation. Here we see that he was the auteur of his shows." – Roger Ebert on "This Is It"
"This was a man who saw the increasingly interconnected world and gave it a music to share – and, he hoped, perhaps even improve each others' lives with." – The Guardian, 2014.
#MJHistory: "Billie Jean" began its seven-week command of the Billboard Hot 100 this week in 1983, marking his longest reign of 13 No. 1s; "Black or White" would also rule for seven frames in 1991.
The "Off The Wall" documentary + original album has been named  'Best New Reissue' by Pitchfork, giving it the coveted 10/10 perfect score! They acknowledge Michael as an artist who "wanted to be magical—to defy expectation and reality" while also proving he "understood that exceptionalism took hard work."    Buy the "Off The Wall" bundle now on Amazon: http://smarturl.it/mj_lp_amzn?IQid=fb.mj Read Pitchfork's review: http://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/21548-off-the-wall
"Thriller" peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 this week in 1984.
The adorable Miles "Baby Boogaloo" Brown from the TV show @Blackish recently went to see Michael Jackson ONE by Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas! Have you seen it yet?
Where do you go to find people who love Michael Jackson as much as you do? We've got an idea. http://cirk.me/1JYBsLT
"MICHAEL JACKSON's Journey from Motown to Off The Wall" is the story of the seminal album that took Michael from a child prodigy to the King of Pop.  Starting today the documentary is available in a special bundle with the classic album.    Get your copy today on CD/DVD or CD/BluRay! http://smarturl.it/mj_lp_amzn?IQid=fb.mj
#ThrowbackThursday Michael and Brooke Shields (The Real Brooke Shields) on the cover of GetJetMag, February 1984.
Did you ever see Michael perform songs like "Off The Wall", "Rock With You", and "Don't Stop" live? In "MICHAEL JACKSON's Journey From Motown To Off The Wall", you get that chance.  Check out this excerpt of a live performance of "Don't Stop" pulled from Michael's own archives  http://smarturl.it/mj_docclip2?IQid=fb.mj
#MJHistory: "Thriller" hit #1 on the Billboard 200 Chart this week in 1983. "The 1982 release was revolutionary, a watershed moment in the history of rock and roll." – Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Just in case you missed this story like I did:

Check this out ==>
This is a heartwarming, must-read story.  It's a much-needed reminder of how every life is precious, and how parents who welcome special needs children and love them unconditionally deserve not just our quiet respect and support, but to hear us express it occasionally.

My fellow former GOP Presidential candidate Scott Walker seems to be backtracking on his pledge to support whoever won the Republican nomination, even if it was Donald Trump.  Check out what he said about a possible convention rule change for delegates that has some pundits wondering whether an anti-Trump coup is afoot:
The latest revelation on Hillary Clinton's State Department email server is that for several weeks during 2010, key security features on it were disabled, allowing easy access to foreign hackers.  The more I read about Hillary's mindboggling lapses in cyber security, the more I'm reminded of Woody Allen's old joke about how his grandfather invented the popcorn machine, but didn't get rich due to his failure to grasp the concept of plugging it in.
For young Bernie Sanders supporters who don't like having to slog through long, dull books about economics and history, here are the effects of socialism on Venezuela as expressed in pictures:
President Trump won't come soon enough...
Poor President Obama...
Penny Lane! And a polling place on Penny Lane! Make sure to check out my video and blog about Brexit today too!

Liverpool, UK:  I'm in Liverpool this week, and when I went to bed last night just before midnight UK time (having earlier heard Osmond brother Merrill in a terrific concert at the famous Cavern Club), it appeared that Brits would be staying IN the European Union, as pollsters were universally predicting a 52-48 victory for those advocating staying.  By the time I got up a little after 6am, the news was already rocking the world—the UK voted to get OUT of the EU by the very 52-48 margin by which they were predicted to lose. It can't be argued that it was decided by a small sampling—a huge 72% of the Brits voted.   A little while later in the morning, Prime Minister David Cameron announced his resignation.  The stock markets around the world plunged, and the British pound dropped by its greatest dip in 40 years.  (Good thing I brought some US currency to trade!) Cameron was leader of the Conservative Party, but it was members of the Conservative Party who pushed for withdrawl.  Cameron sided with the Labour Party and the institutions of government and finance.  The majority of the people, including a significant number of Labour Party people, voted to get OUT.   Why does this matter to YOU in the USA?  Because it was a foreshadowing of what will likely happen in November.  Those who lead the political and financial institutions will push strongly that we "go along" our path and elect "Hellary" Clinton.  There will be a large number (I believe a majority) who in spite of the uncertainty of specific policies, will vote to kick the political and financial institutions in their wide and arrogant rear-ends.   The votes in the UK to get OUT of the EU were those of workers tired of seeing their jobs taken by immigrants who didn't share the British tradition, culture, and spirit.  Many of our neighbors across the pond have felt they were losing their country and culture and that unrestricted immigration was changing their nation.  It didn't help that those wanting to stay in the EU branded the "out" group as racists or xenophobes.  It was that many long time subjects of the British empire felt that their country was being lost to those who came to claim "free" benefits, jobs and education, but who also wanted to ignore what made the UK a great country and economy: its commitment to a moral authority and the rule of law and order. Sound familiar?   This debate has deeply divided the UK, just as America has become deeply divided over essentially the same issues of nationalism vs. globalism.  I've been speaking out about this for years—that America can afford to welcome immigrants who want to assimilate into America, but CANNOT afford to lose its culture and country to those who have no intention of speaking English, accepting the American Constitution of fundamental rights of the individual and of private property, and the moral authority based on the Judeo-Christian tradition.   Some in the ruling Conservative Party, like Cameron, had become more of the "house cats" of the ruling class.  They defended multi-culturalism, unbridled immigration policies, and the siren song of globalism.  Blue collar workers and some of the deeply traditional and patriotic British leaders (like Nigel Farage and former London Mayor Boris Johnson) led a revolt against the trend and a move toward a return to a unique and independent United Kingdom. There is much hand-wringing and panic in the halls of government and finance in the UK.  The truth is, no one really knows what will be the result of the UK getting out of the EU.  But our friends the Brits determined that what they DID know was that if things kept on the way they were going, their grandchildren would live in a UK that wouldn't resemble the one they loved and lived in.   Listen carefully to the US politicians who speak of doom and gloom about the British vote.  Expect some of the GOP like Paul Ryan and other institutionalists tied to the financial empires to join with Democrats to call the vote "racist, short-sighted, and dangerous."  And watch them in November when they get their own comeuppance by an American people tired of watching their jobs disappear to other countries, the middle class getting sucker-punched and losing net worth while the globalist financiers made billions anyway, and while the best answers from the so-called conservative leaders were slashing Social Security and Medicare, gutting the basic constitutional rights of citizens to protect their jobs and their property, and pretending that there is no moral authority for our government. A big shock in the UK; a big lesson and something to watch for in the United States.


In a big day for news from the Supreme Court, SCOTUS has ruled that universities may continue to use "race conscious" admissions practices.   Curiously, in 2014 the Court in a 6-2 decision upheld a Michigan law banning race as part of the admissions criteria.  Michigan is one of eight states currently banning race-based admissions.  The inconsistency puzzles Justice Sam Alito, too, as he made clear in his dissenting opinion.   But Justice Anthony Kennedy, writing in his majority opinion, said that the University of Texas had met its burden of showing its admissions policy was "narrowly tailored" (?) and that such policy was consistent with equal protection.   Sadly, we've gotten so used to policies that fight racism with more racism that we can actually look at "race conscious" admissions policies as consistent with equal protection.   For more details on the affirmative action decision, click here.
This ==>
Tuesday, federal officials arrested teenager Akram Musleh in Indianapolis, as he was boarding a bus for New York as step one of an alleged journey to Libya to join ISIS.  Authorities say that he had already been searching stores and online for components to build a pressure cooker bomb, like those used by the Boston Marathon bombers, for an attack in his home state of Indiana.  Interestingly enough, he'd first come under scrutiny by the FBI after he posted videos online of Anwar al-Alawki, the same radical Islamic cleric who was in touch with Fort Hood mass shooter Maj. Nidal Hassan (perpetrator of "workplace violence," according to the Obama Administration) and whose videos were watched by Orlando mass killer Omar Mateen (homophobe and gun owner with no particular religious motivations).     This arrest shows the importance of actually keeping tabs on people who land on terrorist watch lists and paying attention when someone starts promulgating violent jihadist rhetoric.  Instead, I expect Democrats to respond by holding a sit-in to demand mandatory background checks for every purchase of a pressure cooker at Williams Sonoma.
Prince Harry is a class act.

If you had to sum up the best response to bloodthirsty, radical Islamist terror in three words, would you maybe choose "strength, determination and resolve"?  No, if you were Attorney General Loretta Lynch, you would say that the most effective way to battle such violent evil is with "compassion, unity and love."     Don't get me wrong, I'm certainly in favor of all three of those things.  But trying to fight terrorism with them reminds me of the hippies who thought they could bring about world peace by sticking a daisy into the barrel of guns that were pointed at their heads.  As long as we're looking back to the 1960s for inspiration on fighting a deadly and merciless enemy, why limit our response to "compassion, unity and love"?  Let's also take a tip from Lesley Gore and blast them with "Sunshine, Lollipops and Rainbows!"
Apparently, not everyone agrees with Bill Clinton that it was a good thing the victims of the Orlando attack weren't armed because if anyone had shot back, even more people might have been injured.  In Houston, Texas, the Shiloh Shooting range offered free classes in gun handling and safety to the LGBT community.  Their voice mail box filled up, their email server crashed, and over 300 people lined up.  The range had to schedule extra classes to cope with the heavy demand. Lesson to would-be terrorists: straight or gay, don't mess with Texans.
Without comment.
BOOM. Thank you Congressman Gowdy!!!
If conservatives don't get their act together she is going to be our president.  Grrr....
Whether you agree with his position or not, this is leadership from Donald Trump.  Contrast this with the back and forth we get from Obama on every issue under the sun.

And it should...
I've not see the media report this.  I know I've mentioned this story before but it is too good not to share again.  Remember when we had a real President...
A painful reminder that accidents happen.
A new government report finds the Social Security trust fund has only enough money to pay full benefits for 18 more years; likewise the Medicare fund that covers hospital costs for seniors.  The trustees say reform is needed to avoid running out of money and having to cut benefits in the future.  As you're deciding how to vote, consider which candidate is more likely to do that: the one who claims that the government is run by spendthrift idiots who need to be replaced with someone competent, or the one who's promising oodles more free stuff, from college tuition to family leave?
Message not approved by liberals...
And she might be President ?!?

She is such a liar.
An Orlando man who claims to have been Omar Mateen's gay lover is denying that his attack was inspired by radical Islam, claiming instead that Mateen was motivated by revenge over his rejection by the gay crowd that frequented the club.  It makes for a lurid alternative theory, but one that doesn't jibe with known facts.  It's hard to tell how much, if any, of this might be true or if it's just someone looking for 15 minutes of fame.  Check out the discrepancies at the link.  Personally, I tend to think that when someone mows down over a hundred people while calling 911 to declare that he did it in the name of ISIS, you should take his word for it.
Obama FEMA officials rejected a request for $5 million in federal emergency aid to help with the response to the Orlando mass murders. Florida's Republican Gov. Rick Scott said it's "unthinkable that President Obama does not define this as an emergency," noting that similar funds had been awarded for such incidents as a water main break in Democratic Massachusetts!
Remember when Hillary Clinton brushed off her massive Wall Street speaking fees by innocently claiming that she only took what they offered?  Thanks to an alleged leaked document listing the "standard requirements" for hiring her speaking services, they offered that much because she left them no alternative.  Among her standard demands were a $225,000 flat fee (that must be her fee for speaking very flatly), a "Gulfstream 450 or larger" jet for the trip, a presidential suite with adjoining rooms for her staff, and more. Click the link to see her contract rider, and let me know if you spot anything about bowls of M&Ms with no brown ones.  Of course, I find this outrageous for an alleged "public servant," but part of me does have to wonder, "Who is her agent?!!"
Democrats who've blocked all efforts to repeal Obamacare even as it's undermined health care choices and sent premiums skyrocketing kept demanding of Republicans, "Where is your plan to replace it?"  Well, House Republicans just unveiled that plan.  You can read about it at the link.  Personally, my two favorite words in the entire article are those that refer to the bill as being "37 pages."  It's when bills run over 2,000 pages that politicians pass them without reading them, and then you get things like Obamacare.
HE just doesn't get it!!!
Congratulations to the Daughters of the American Revolution.  They set out to break a Guinness World Record for boosting our troops stationed overseas.  They didn't just break it, they exceeded the old record by more than tenfold.  Read more about it here:
After meeting in New York with Evangelical Christian leaders, Donald Trump announced the creation of an Evangelical Executive Advisory Board to offer him advice and support on issues of importance to Evangelicals and other people of faith. Some pretty big names have signed on.  Read the full story at the link and if you are a religious voter, tell me below if this makes you more likely to support Trump.
Here's a presidential endorsement that demolishes a lot of precious media narratives about Hispanic voters.  I won't say more, you should read the whole thing:
Neat!

From the "Everything You Know Is Wrong" Dept.: The big media narrative at the moment is that America desperately needs more "common sense" gun control laws that wouldn't have stopped a single mass shooting.  So Democrats keep proposing them, but evil Republicans backed by the NRA keep blocking them.    Inconvenient truth: of the four new gun laws that failed in the Senate this week, two were proposed and supported by Republicans, one was even backed by the NRA, and they died because virtually every Democrat voted against them. After your mind stops reeling, click the link for the details.
But of course...
The father of one of the Orlando shooting victims wrote an impassioned letter about how he wishes his son had been armed so that he could have defended himself (read excerpts at the link).  As this column reminds us, that's a common regret among the victims of all armed criminals and terrorists.  It's a terrible thing to realize too late why the Founders gave us the right to self-defense.  Laws that allow you to have a gun only inside your home will protect you only if you are attacked in your living room.    In trying to rationalize the left's mindboggling response to Orlando ("To prevent future attacks, we must disarm all potential victims!"), Bill Clinton made what has to be one of the dumbest statements ever uttered by a major world leader.  He said it was a good thing none of the victims were armed because if they'd shot back in that dark club, more people might have been killed or injured.  Seriously?  More than 49 dead and 53 injured?!  Has there ever been a more stark illustration of the left's belief that American citizens are too stupid to survive without the government running every aspect of their lives?  He actually believes it's better for us to stand there and be shot to death than to shoot back, because we're so incompetent, we might miss and hurt someone (news flash: people with concealed carry permits undergo training).     Well, I hope he doesn't actually believe that.  I like to think he was trying to defend an indefensible idea, and that was just the best he could come up with.  Talk about a shot in the dark.
You know political polarization has become toxic when even Americans who were killing each other during the Civil War set a better example of respect and civility than today's Twitter mobs do.  This is a sobering lesson from the 1860s that's well worth hearing before you "unfriend" another friend over a passing political disagreement.
If you're a parent, you'll really appreciate this story.  It's a great lesson that the most valuable gift we can give to our children, and one that will pay dividends for the rest of their lives, is just a little bit of our undivided time and attention.
Huck's Hero for the ages: In Libya, an unnamed British military sniper from the elite SAS (Special Air Service) unit made the greatest kill shot in history.  He took out two terrorists in a moving car laden with a huge bomb, with just one shot from over 1,000 yards away.  This is a must-read-to-be-believed story:
Interesting story about another possible reason why Donald Trump fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.  Trump denied that internal politics were involved, but it's possible that his daughter Ivanka wanted Lewandowski replaced, and the Donald respects her judgment.  Full disclosure: my own daughter Sarah also works for the Trump campaign and is trusted to speak for him on national television.  Isn't it odd how many intelligent, accomplished women work in important, high-level positions for the guy who keeps being called a sexist by Democrats, like Hillary Clinton's spokesperson, Brian Fallon?
Donald Trump appeared last night on Bill O'Reilly's show, and made his first public comments about the firing of campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. He explained why it was time for a change.  Watch the clip here and comment below on what you think Trump's next campaign move should be:
For all the shouting and urgency about gun control, the Senate failed to pass four new attempts to expand gun laws in the wake of the Orlando terrorist shooting.  Everyone wants to prevent such a horror from recurring, but rushing to "do something, even if it's wrong" is not the way to go about it.  The Senate measures sounded reasonable on the surface, but didn't hold up to scrutiny.  For instance, one would have given the Attorney General unprecedented power to deprive Americans of their Second Amendment rights without clear justification.  Another was praised by Harry Reid for closing the "terror loophole," which doesn't actually exist.  You can read more about the reasons for the bills' failure at the link.      If nothing else, this provides yet another example of why we shouldn't mess with the Constitution.  The Founders intended the Senate to be a cooling dish for heated passions, and once again, this proves that the brilliant system they created still works.

A word to Democratic strategists:  before you try to spin Hillary's way out of the Benghazi travesty, make sure you avoid putting words in the victims' mouths.   You just might make someone who was there in the middle of the action very, very angry.   A couple of weeks ago, one such Hillary apologist appearing with Tomi Lahren on The Blaze said that all Democrats and even the families of such victims as Ambassador Chris Stevens were "sick of his death being used by the right wing as a political ploy.  It's disgusting."   A week later on the same program, someone else expressed his disgust at the exploitation of victims' families for political gain, but he wasn't talking about the right wing doing it.  He was talking about Hillary's minions doing it.  And it came from a visibly upset Kris "Tanto" Paronto, who was on the ground at Benghazi as others died while waiting for help that never arrived.  Paronto wanted a face-to-face conversation with the Hillary surrogate (as if that would ever happen).  He called Hillary's defenders "worthless" and went on to say that "these kinds of people need to stop procreating, period."   Oh, there was much more.  Click here for the full story.
Remember when the left lectured us all about toning down violent rhetoric?  They actually tried to blame a target graphic on a map of targeted Congressional districts at Sarah Palin's website for inciting the Gabby Giffords shooter.  Yet their reaction to Donald Trump's candidacy has gone beyond incendiary rhetoric to outright riots and assaults on his supporters.  Now, we've reached the inevitable next step.    20-year-old Michael Stephen Sandford allegedly grabbed a policeman's gun at a Trump rally in Las Vegas, and afterwards admitted that he had driven all the way from California in hopes of assassinating Trump.  He'd even spent the day practicing at a gun range. He reportedly expected to be killed by the Secret Service, but was willing to take that chance, although he's not even an American: he's from Great Britain.     So will this shame some of Trump's more hysterical and hyperbolic critics on the left into thinking about the effect their incendiary rhetoric has on unstable people?  Will they now tone it down, denounce violent protests, and embrace a return to honest and respectful disagreement?  That's some "hope and change" I seriously doubt we'll see.
The gloves are off...

Meet today's Huck's Heroine, from Lower Woody Creek, Colorado.  And while it's only June, I think the "Mother of the Year" competition is also already over. We've all heard of "Grizzly mamas" and "Tiger moms," but they'd better not mess with the Mountain Lion Mom who saved her five-year-old son from an attacking mountain lion, even prying its jaws open with her bare hands to release its grip on her child!
From the party that claims it's fighting on the women's side of the "war on women": In Virginia Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe's rush to pad the November voting rolls by reinstating the voting rights of 200,000 convicted felons that he must assume for some  reason will empathize with Hillary Clinton, he worded his order a bit too carelessly.  Now, as many as 176 of the "worst of the worst" sexual assault felons will be eligible to vote, serve on juries and even run for office.  Wonder which party they'll want to represent?
Just a reminder, yesterday's attempt to rewrite the 911 calls involving the Orlando shooter was not the Obama Administration's first stab at altering reality to fit its preferred view of the world.  Here are a few more examples of their attempts to create their own reality.  Maybe they should have taken a cue from Hillary and instead of trying to edit material that's supposed to be part of the public record, just delete it entirely.
If you missed ABC's "This Week," it's worth visiting this link to see a rare instance of a network TV reporter actually forcing a gun control activist to explain why he wants more ineffective and irrelevant laws that mostly disarm victims.  The host was Jonathan Karl, and his guest was Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy, who'd just staged a 15-hour filibuster to push laws expanding background checks and eliminating the mythical "gun show loophole."     We're all used to seeing media people put on concerned faces and nod like bobbleheads when politicians mouth this stuff.  It's always presented in such a concerned way, and following a terrible tragedy, that it seems almost rude to point out that their emotional arguments make no logical sense.    So it's almost surreal to see Karl keep pressing Murphy to explain why he's responding to the Orlando attack with laws that would not have prevented it (Omar Mateen passed a background check and didn't buy his gun at a gun show), nor would they have prevented Newtown or Aurora or any other tragic shooting that has been politicized by gun control advocates. In the end, Murphy was reduced to hypotheticals: if these and other laws had been in effect, and if Mateen had done things differently, then it might have prevented the crime.  Maybe, but if the laws had been different, then Mateen would likely have done different things to avoid them.  So what's the real point?     The problem with trying to fight radical Islamist terrorists with gun control laws is that they not only don't obey laws, they kill people with whatever is most effective and convenient, whether that's a gun, a suicide vest, jetliners or pressure cookers.  You can't stop them by banning every tool that might be dangerous; as today's product warning labels inform us, anything can be deadly in the hands of an idiot.  The sad fact that gun-grabbing politicians and celebrities refuse to admit is that only one thing stops a determined attacker: an armed victim.  They won't admit that, but one look at their 24/7 armed bodyguards tells you that in their hearts, they know it.
The Clintons aren't the only top Democrats being bedeviled by a former Secret Service agent dishing the dirt on what they're really like when the cameras go off and the political image consultants have all knocked off for the day and hit the bars to numb their consciences.  Polls show that a majority of Americans believe that Obama "cares" about people like them.  They obviously didn't poll his former Secret Service agents.
During a Dodgers-Brewers game, Venezuelan-born Herman Perez came to bat, and that inspired legendary baseball announcer Vin Scully to tell us exactly what he thinks about socialism.  Guess we won't be seeing Vin Scully on ESPN anytime soon.
Agreed.


Michelle Obama announced that she plans to spend her post-White House years working to promote the value of girls and lifting barriers to education for them around the world.  Good for her!  But I wonder if her husband will ever publicly admit that the places where that's most desperately needed and will be hardest to achieve are Muslim nations with Sharia law?
Donald Trump has dumped his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. This comes after a month of unforced errors that caused a drop in polls, during a time when Trump should have been hammering Hillary Clinton (the damaging State Department IG report on her email scandal; confirmation that it is a criminal FBI investigation and she did send marked classified documents; the new tell-all book by a former Secret Service agent, and more).  Instead, he gave the press openings to gleefully beat up on him (not they haven't have plenty of practice already at beating up on Republicans while ignoring Clinton scandals).    I predict that the big story now will be "Disarray in Trump campaign!"  Instead, it should be that Trump is someone who sees that if a person isn't working out effectively, he'll bring in someone else.  How many times over the past eight years have we heard Obama voice full confidence in people who richly deserved to be fired (the IRS targeting scandal, for instance) and in some cases, like Fast & Furious and the V.A. waiting list scandal, should have been fired and relocated to the Graybar Hotel?  Frankly, looking at the way Washington has been run for the past eight years, I think it's high time we had a President whose catchphrase is "You're fired!"
In case there was ever any doubt, here's more proof that those "spontaneous demonstrations of voter outrage" at Donald Trump rallies are nothing but political theater performed by leftist rent-a-mobs:
What would Chuck Norris say to this?  Last week, liberal New York Daily News writer Gersh Kuntzman (whom I assume is a full-grown man, or male, at least) wrote a jaw-droppingly hysterical account of firing an AR-15 rifle at a shooting range.  The smoke sickened him, the noise deafened him (it was like crashing a race car at 150 mph inside a plastic explosives factory!), and the recoil bruised his tender shoulder (he claimed that it was like firing a bazooka – I think it's more likely that he's actually crashed a race car into a bomb factory than that he's ever fired a bazooka). Overall, the whole nightmarish experience left him shaking and suffering from "temporary PTSD" (ask a veteran if such a thing exists).  By contrast, click this link to see video of a 7-year-old girl firing an AR-15.  I would be embarrassed for Mr. Kuntzman, but I think he's embarrassed himself enough already.
To listen to the anti-gun left, you'd think that the AR-15 rifle is nothing but a deadly, military-style "assault weapon," owned by nobody except gun-loving, militia-joining rednecks and of course, bloodthirsty terrorists of no specific religious persuasion. But here's a wild and crazy idea: why not ask someone who owns an AR-15 why he chose it over other firearms?  You don't have to know as little about guns as most of the people who are trying to repeal the Second Amendment to be surprised at the answer, because the media certainly don't tell you this. But read the link and you'll see why the reason the AR-15 is so popular is also the reason why virtually everything gun control campaigners say about it is factually incorrect.

Uh-oh, now the liberals have done it!  They've angered Chuck Norris!  Click here to see Chuck give a rhetorical beat-down to those claim they are the best friends to the gay community, even as they take money from nations that kill and imprison gays and try to disarm gays here while the threat to them is rising due to their own policies.
I missed this when I was in Israel last week. MUST READ.
Do you agree with Rev. Billy Graham?
President Obama never tires of lecturing us all on how we're not just wrong but foolish if we think walls or firearms increase our security (even though he lives in a house surrounded by a rising wall and travels everywhere surrounded by armed security).  Now, one of those former Secret Service agents who actually put his life on the line to protect the President has offered Americans three tips to guard our own personal safety.  And you know they'll make sense because Tip #1 is "Ignore Obama. He knows absolutely nothing about security and his proposals aren't only ignorant, they're dangerous."  For the rest, click on the link.
Father's Day is over for this year, but this article makes a great case that there's a special class of dads who deserve honor and recognition year 'round:

Another favorite TV face from our collective childhoods has passed away.  Ann Morgan Guilbert died of cancer this week at 87.  In a career that spanned decades, the comic actress played supporting roles in countless TV shows and movies.  But she was unique in scoring two parts for which she'll always be remembered, one at the beginning of her career and one near the end.  She first came to fame as Rob and Laura Petrie's wacky neighbor Millie Helper.  Thirty years later, looking completely different with big hair and giant glasses, she was Fran Fine's hilarious grandmother Yetta on "The Nanny."  Click the link to learn more about this very funny lady and enjoy clips from both of her iconic TV roles.
The Philadelphia City Council just voted to put a 1.5-cent tax on all soft drinks.  The argument is that they're fighting obesity, but it also applies to diet sodas, so it's obvious the real reason is money.  Does anyone seriously believe that tax will stay at just 1.5 cents for very long?  A group opposing the tax calls it unconstitutional and hopes to get the courts to reverse it, the way a judge blocked former New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg's ban on large sodas.     But whether the reason for the soda tax is public health or revenue-boosting, the larger point is being ignored: that it's none of the government's business what beverage you choose to wash down your Philly cheese steak.  No more than the IRS should have the power to make you reveal, justify and prove every purchase you make with your own money.  This all springs from the leftist mindset that society can be perfected if only Americans would let their liberal elite betters in government control every aspect of their lives.  In their minds, the money you earn isn't yours; it belongs to the government and they just generously let you use a little of it.  But you'd better use it for things they deem proper, like drinking a kale smoothie instead of a Dr. Pepper.  Sorry, but like the kale smoothie, I find that impossible to swallow.    Besides, if the Philadelphia City Council really wanted to fight obesity, they'd put a $10 tax on Philly cheese steaks.  I actually wish they'd try that.  That would get them recalled and replaced PDQ.  Read more at the link:
I'm old enough to remember when people just rolled their eyes when New Age believers like Shirley MacLaine claimed there was no objective reality, and they were walking through life "creating their own reality."  Now, that's the official policy of the Philadelphia School District.


Wow, who could have foreseen THIS coming?!  Other than just about everyone besides the CEO of Target.
And some even more frightening speculation on why a security company dealing with such delicate and dangerous government matters would ignore so many red flags and keep Omar Mateen on the payroll:
First we discovered that Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen's wife knew of his plans but didn't report him (she may yet be charged).  Now, we learn that he apparently planned for his martyrdom back in April by transferring his interest in his $160,000 house to his sister and brother-in-law for the princely sum of $10. So, did they also know about his attack plans, or did they just think they were getting the deal of the century?

Have you seen this?
This Father's Day marks exactly 20 years from the first Father's Day after my own father's death on the last day of March, 1996.  He missed seeing me sworn in as Governor by 3 1/2 months.  He never met Lauren who would become his granddaughter in law, or Bryan, who would become his grandson in law.  He only lived to see one of his grandchildren (John Mark) graduate from high school, and not long enough to see any of them graduate from college.  And he never saw any of his 5 great-grandchildren (Chandler, Scarlett, Caroline Grace, Huck, or George), but if he had, he would have been proud and would have bragged to anyone who would listen that they really were the cutest kids ever.  (and he would have been right about that!)  I will always remember that first Father's Day after his death and not in a good way.  My world had been turned upside down by the convicction of the then Arkansas Governor and my preparing to assume the office from the position of Lt. Governor.  We were just about one month away from taking the oath, moving our family to the Governor's Mansion, hiring dozens of people to staff the office, and trying to establish an agenda for the state budget and policies.  It was a hectic whirl of activity from early morning to late night.    Despite all the flurry of things to get done, I had not forgotten it was Father's Day, and as had been my custom for the past 25 years or so, I picked up the phone to call him early in the morning to wish him a Happy Father's Day.  A card and gift would be later in the day.  Without even thinking, I picked up the phone and dialed his number.  And just as it started to ring, the cold chill hit me hard as I quickly hung up and disconnected with whatever person would have been on the other side of that number because I then remembered that he wasn't there.  I knew that, but it was sheer instinct to call and congratulate him on having such a wonderful son, and tell him I loved him.  But for a fleeting moment, it had escaped me that for the first time in my life, there was no one to call that I could call my Dad.  He was gone.  And it wasn't a busy signal or bad connection.  He would never again be on the other end of a phone call.  No more birthdays to celebrate.  Not there for the next Thanksgiving or Christmas.  At age 40, I was now the oldest male in my direct lineage and there was no male upstream from me and never would be.  I had my two sons and a daughter, and the day would come (almost 15 years later) when there would be another generation coming along to bring some continuity to the family name, tradition, and yes, even the tempermant.    For the sons who read this today, make that call.  If you get a busy signal or voice mail, keep trying.  But make the call.  There will come a day you will try and there will be no one on the other end to hear you say "Happy Father's Day."  So say it today.    Happy Father's Day.  Mike Huckabee, June 2016

Thank goodness.

Don't forget, Sunday is Father's Day.  It's estimated that Americans will spend $14.3 billion on gifts for dad this year.  But instead of getting him another necktie, here are some suggestions for more unique gifts, all originally pitched on the TV show, "Shark Tank."  This links directly to my favorite: a patriotic bottle opener made from a spent .50-caliber shell, from a company that hires veterans and active duty military members.

I'm sure all fellow classic rock fans will join me in sending prayers and good wishes to the iconic rocker Meat Loaf.  The 68-year-old singer collapsed on stage last night in Canada, and he's canceled upcoming concerts due to an undisclosed health issue. Meat Loaf (real name Marvin Lee Aday) is as good a guy offstage as he is a powerhouse onstage, a devout Christian who appeared on Donald Trump's "Celebrity Apprentice" to raise money for a summer camp for children with life-threatening diseases.  You can read more and see video of last night's frightening concert moment at the link.  Here's hoping he gets well soon and gets back to doing good deeds and making great music.
Must-See Video: Today's Huck's Hero award goes to Jon Meis, a student at Seattle Pacific University.  When a gunman who had just shot a young woman entered the building, Meis attacked with nothing but pepper spray, adrenaline and a lot of guts.  He should serve as an example to us all that when faced with this rising threat, look for your chance and fight back!

Pundits like to call this year's presidential race the most unpredictable in history.  So how did people whose job is making predictions fare when trying to call it in advance?  Here's an interesting look back at a professional psychic's pre-primary predictions.  He was pretty close on the Democratic side (of course, some people – like Bernie Sanders supporters – would say the fix was already in).  On the Republican side, his psychic vision failed him: he never even envisioned Donald Trump entering the race.  However, I do like his prediction for who would eventually win the nomination!
Donald Trump is known for saying things his political foes call outlandish.  But these days, something that sounds outlandish --- even unbelievable --- relating to politics may very well be true.  Sometimes it seems that the more outlandish it is, the more likely it is to be true!  And it may be backed up with some excellent reporting.   In this case, Trump makes the case that a candidate for President of the United States is being funded by terrorism and oppressive regimes.   Heated political rhetoric, you may say.  Hyperbole.  Not something to be taken seriously.  But, wait --- he's not making this up.  After all, we're talking about Hillary.   He's holding up a copy of Wednesday's New York Post.  Inside is an editorial that details the huge amounts of money Hillary has taken in, through the Clinton Family Foundation, from sharia law governments and regimes involved in terrorist activities and the persecution of gays and lesbians.  (Keep in mind, these are the people who throw gays off the tops of buildings.)  Since the Orlando massacre, Hillary has mentioned the funding of radical schools and mosques by Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait, but after taking large wheelbarrows full of cash from them herself, there's little she'll do other than pay lip service, and they know it.   Is this the kind of influence we want in our Presidential campaigns?  If history has taught us even one thing about the Clintons, it's this:  they don't care where the money comes from, because money equals power.
Of course they did.
The Commission of Fine Arts in DC has given final approval to raise the wall around the White House from 7 feet to 11 feet, 7 inches.  It will also incorporate the latest "anti-climb and intrusion detection technology."  I assume those are just for fine art aesthetic purposes, since the occupant of the White House has repeatedly assured us that walls provide no security.
Never letting a horrific tragedy go to waste, Hillary Clinton's fundraising arm is using the Orlando shooting to urge people to send her money to fight the obvious cause of all that carnage: Donald Trump and the NRA. I guess she hasn't already profited enough from nations where they throw gays off of tall buildings.
Pew Research: 51% of US Muslims want Sharia law here, 60% of young Muslims in the US are more loyal to Islam than to America.
A Florida gun store owner alerted Obama's FBI to Omar Mateen's very suspicious behavior.  What did they do about it?  Nothing, of course.  So let's blame gun store owners!
I love dogs and good dog stories, particularly with happy endings.  But I warn you, the way this one starts might make you sad, furious or just despairing of the human race:
This is true.
Interesting.
5 ways you could end up on Obama's secret gun control list (must read):

For believers, a visit to Israel is more than just a trip to a fascinating foreign country – it's an opportunity to experience the complex and beautiful Holy Land that was the setting for the teachings, the battles, and the miracles of the Bible. Learn more about the trip I am leading this September 17-27 on my website
BOOM
Why isn't the media discussing THIS?!?
I knew it!
If I had to predict the next terrorist target, I wouldn't put any money on Bates County, Missouri.   Good work!
I wonder why so many Americans wonder where President Obama's loyalties really lie?  Shocking video.
I hate to have to say this, but Obama's partisan lecture at this memorial was shamefully inappropriate.


This is a very powerful video.  Pro wrestler Marc Mero brings an audience of middle schoolers to tears with the story of how his mother never gave up on him through his years of abuse of drugs, alcohol and her, and how you shouldn't wait until it's too late to express your appreciation for your mom's undying love.

Stunning ruling.
In an attempt to justify not deporting illegal immigrants convicted of crimes, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents testified to Congress that fewer than 10% of such criminals committed further crimes.  The Boston Globe found that hard to believe, so they looked at the records of the 323 illegals convicted of crimes in Massachusetts between 2008 and 2012.  They found that, in fact, about 30 percent went back to committing crimes, including serious crimes such as rape and murder.    Check out the link for some hair-raising examples of the crimes they committed.  Pardon me if I'm not moved by bogus accusations of a Republican "war on women" by an Administration that declines to deport an illegal immigrant convicted of bashing his ex-girlfriend's skull with a hammer, allowing him to later track her down and stab her repeatedly.
Must-See Video: An elderly Holocaust survivor recalls how Hitler's road to dictatorship was paved with gun control laws:
It's been said that the rise of the Internet was built on pornography, but here's a new twist: Anonymous hackers are using Internet porn to fight ISIS.
More unexpected fall-out from the Orlando attack: after declaring that he has said "like 10,000 times" that he was retiring from politics to become a private citizen, Marco Rubio is now reconsidering running for reelection to the Senate.
Here's a handy list of all the radical Islamist attacks on American citizens on US soil since 2009.  After reading it, you might suspect that Obama refuses to say "radical Islam" just because if he did, he'd be sick of saying it over and over by now.

The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted (along party lines, naturally) to censure IRS Commissioner Josh Koskinen for allegedly lying under oath and failing to properly comply with a subpoena in the investigation of the IRS targeting of conservative nonprofit groups.  Democrats denied every aspect of the scandal and called the vote a "travesty," even though more objective observers might choose the term "mild tap on the wrist." The resolution calls for Koskinen to be impeached, but it's just a recommendation and won't even cost him his government pension.  But then, not even the woman at the center of the scandal, Lois Lerner, had to give up her pension, paid for by the very taxpayers she allegedly tormented.  I'd add that everyone involved in this scandal (which was very real to the victims, some of whom I've interviewed personally) is just lucky that being an arrogant, partisan, ethics-free jack-wagon isn't a federal crime.
Latest update on the hacking of the DNC computers: the hacker, who calls himself Gufficer 2.0, released the Democrats' 200-page opposition research file on Donald Trump onto the leftwing gossip site, Gawker.  The most shocking thing about it (aside from how untrustworthy Democrats are with cybersecurity) is just how little dirt they've managed to find on the Donald.  Their oppo file is mostly a lot of public record material about his marriages and business deals, combined with subjective attacks, such as accusing him of changing his positions over the years, having no core principles and being willing to say anything to win (coming from the party that's offering us Hillary Clinton, that's richer than Donald Trump ever dreamed of being).     This is just the tip of the iceberg of material stolen from the DNC that could be leaking out soon. Click the link for more.
The rush to pass new gun laws...
Today's Huck's Hero salute goes out to the 69-year-old retired cop from Queens who demonstrated that one good guy with a gun in a bar is all it takes to stop a bad guy with a gun in a bar.
Economist/commentator/writer/movie star ("Ferris Bueller's Day Off") Ben Stein finally comes around and endorses Trump, but for a reason you probably can't guess.
ISIS thugs never seem to tire of pushing the envelope of barbarism.  It just happened again, with the knife murders of a French police commissioner and his wife that was streamed live on Facebook.  The killer also mused about what he would do with their three-year-old son he took hostage.  That won't be a problem: police saved the boy and shot the murderer dead.  We will now wait for liberal commenters to explain how a knife murder in France can be blamed on American bigotry and lax US gun laws.
Bernie Sanders seemed to have a lot of momentum going into the California primary, but somehow, he lost decisively.  Might the results have been different if all of his voters' ballots had been counted?  His campaign might want to delve a little deeper into this story.
The trouble with Democrats criticizing Donald Trump for his outrageous behavior is that in the age of Google, it's so easy to haul up examples of Democrats doing the exact same thing.  Like when the Obama Administration removed a judge from a case because they thought her Iranian heritage would influence her rulings, or when Justice Sonia Sotomayor implied that being a "wise Latina" influences her judicial decisions for the better.  And now, there's this: the furor over Trump booting reporters from the Washington Post and other outlets out of his campaign pool was just reaching a thick froth, with reporters accusing Trump of taking a pickax to freedom of the press.  Then someone did a record search and discovered that back in 2009, candidate Barack Obama booted reporters from three outlets – the Dallas Morning News, New York Post and Washington Times – off his press plane right after the papers endorsed John McCain.  The reporters had been flying on that plane for months, but the Obama campaign claimed there suddenly just weren't enough seats for them.   So maybe, when it comes to outrageous and self-serving behavior, the real difference between Trump and Obama isn't so much the behavior, but the excuses and the media coverage.
Twitter and other social media sites are too new a phenomenon to judge how much influence they can have in an election, particularly when some big name politicians have so many followers that are just fake accounts.  But if anyone has managed to transform Twitter into a rival to the established political media, it's Donald Trump.  So the data firm Stirista decided to analyze Trump's massive Twitter following.  You might be surprised at what they found.  It could signal a big change in the way election turnout is determined.
WH Spokesman Josh Earnest refused to rule out Obama going around Congress by trying to impose new gun control laws via executive order.  Obama doesn't believe that "radical Islam" is a magic phrase, but he does apparently believe that his ballpoint pen is a magic wand.
What the White House really thinks about Orlando
Not so fast on that Reuters report that President Obama has given up the unpopular idea of using executive orders to bypass Congress and relocate the 80 remaining worst-of-the-worst inmates at Gitmo to prisons on American soil.  Asked to comment on the story Monday, Obama spokesman Josh Earnest said, "I'm not going to take any options available to the President off the table." And considering how many illegal and unconstitutional executive orders we've already seen, I wouldn't count on them removing any options that aren't available to him, either.

An unconfirmed report that Orlando mass murderer Omar Mateen had an accomplice could turn out to be true.  But the alleged accomplice might not be who you'd expect.
Surprise, surprise.
These two stories prove they are...
We've gotten used to all stories involving Hillary Clinton's State Department emails having big doses of fantasy ("No classified documents were ever sent!"…"Nothing MARKED classified was ever sent!"…"No hackers ever breached her server!" etc.).  So as long as the State Department is pretending it's simply impossible to release her emails to the public until three weeks after the election, why not go whole hog and just make up a date that doesn't even exist?
Well there you go....#despicable

As the nation reels in shock and fury over the terrorist massacre in Orlando, and while our President still adamantly refuses to say "radical Islam," Bernie Sanders demonstrates much clearer thinking.  Bernie knows the biggest danger facing us.  He knows that this danger is to blame for terrorism and is even the indirect cause of the creation of ISIS.  Of course, he is talking about…climate change?  Really, you can't make this stuff up…
I try at all times to maintain respect for those who have held the office of President of the United States, so it is with all due respect that I think Bill Clinton just said what might be the dumbest thing uttered so far in 2016.
Hats off to Lowe's home improvement center in Regina, Saskatchewan, for hiring a disabled man who requires a service dog.  They even gave Blue the dog his own orange Lowe's vest and job title:  Customer Service Canine. Click the link for the full heartwarming story, and a great photo of Blue all dressed for work.
WATCH Donald Trump from 30 years ago
Where does hate come from?   Well, according to the classic musical South Pacific (written in the aftermath of World War II), "…to hate all the people your grandparents hate, you have to be carefully taught."   Sometimes, hate is taught by one's grandparents, or parents.  Sometimes, hate is taught through Facebook postings and Tweets.  Other times, an imam in a mosque might teach it.  More specifically, Dr. Sheikh Farrokh Sekaleshfar has definitely taught it, while giving a talk at the Husseini Islamic Center in Sanford, Florida, in 2013 about the "compassion" (translation:  hate) that good Muslims should show to homosexuals.   According to the esteemed doctor, the way to show compassion towards gay people is to kill them.   I am not kidding.  According to this Iranian scholar's warped faith, death is the only way that gays and lesbians can be forgiven in the eyes of Allah.  "We have to have that compassion…let's get rid of them now," he said.   So the Orlando terrorist was just doing his victims a favor!  You've heard of a "twist of fate" --- I call this a "twist of faith."  Click here for the full, twisted story.
A retired DHS agent claims that both the San Bernardino and Orlando attacks might have been prevented if Hillary Clinton's State Department and the DHS hadn't shut down his special terrorist threat investigative unit and deleted the information it had gathered out of fear that it was unfairly targeting Muslims.  Just when you think you've heard every possible story involving the words "Hillary Clinton," "State Department" and "deleting records," a new twist appears.  Read all about it at the link and share your thoughts below.
No surprise here...


They haven't been "Americanized" by any stretch of the imagination.
Not to be outdone by their Senate colleagues, House Democrats also demanded the passage of ineffectual, counter-productive gun control laws.  Only they upped the ante by disrespecting a moment of silence for the victims of the Orlando shooting.  Some stormed out, others ended the silence by yelling and chanting.  I think you have to go back to 1856 when Rep. Preston Brooks beat Sen. Charles Sumner nearly to death with his walking stick for giving a speech against slavery to find a more appalling example of behavior unbefitting the floor of Congress.  Brooks thought that disagreeing with his opinion was justification for violence.  And yes, Brooks was a Democrat and Sumner a Republican.  Some things never change.
Press reaction gets them banned...
Please share...
Turning heads again...

These 13 words will shock
Bernie Sanders has become oddly famous as a socialist who's rolling in money, having brought in a staggering amount in donations (his campaign still spent it faster than it came in, but, hey…he's a socialist.)  But did you ever wonder where all that money to elect Bernie was coming from?  Here's an interesting breakdown on who's funding Bernie Sanders' quixotic campaign, and - surprise! - in a round-about way, it might be you.
And another outspoken gay writer points out how toxic current progressive thought has become to the gay community.
When a radical Islamist ISIS supporter attacked the patrons at a gay nightclub in Orlando, some liberals knew immediately who to blame: Christians, Republicans and the NRA.  Here is a round-up of some of their willfully blinkered insanity.  Note at the end the Tweet from a transgendered woman who is among the growing numbers of the LGBT community who are finally waking up to the fact that PC false narratives and misplaced blame are getting people killed.
It might be infuriating for Republicans, but you have to give Hillary Clinton her due: she is great at lying herself out of trouble. Of course, it helps to have a complicit media that let you get away with stuff for which they'd pound Republicans like a cheap piece of flank steak.  But if you'd like to study the Hillary Clinton Method for Lying Your Way to Success, here's a good primer on her style, starting way back in her first political debate against Rick Lazio in the 2000 New York Senate race.
Donald Trump has fired back at the plaintiffs in the class action suit over Trump University, a three-day real estate training seminar critics called a scam. Trump revealed that several of the major plaintiffs in the case previously responded to surveys by ranking the training as "excellent," and saying they would take it again and recommend it to friends.  When one who has publicly slammed Trump was asked for ways to improve the course, all he could think of was "more comfortable chairs."     I don't know enough about the course to comment, but it sort of sounds as if some people took a seminar on how to get rich quick, and the first lesson was "Call a lawyer."
A laugh to close out a long work week: MSNBC suffers their worst nightmare technical glitch.

After this Texas mayor took on the local shariah court, Muslims demanded she pay for her "offensive" comments... Here's her brilliant response right back to them.
Hillary Clinton will say anything to get elected.  She epitomizes everything that's wrong with politics today.  She acts out of calculation, not conviction.  She won't change the system, because she's an expert at working it.  And she's not really likeable.   Of course, we know all these things about Hillary.  We've been saying them for a long time, and she has proven us right, over and over again.   But guess who also said them, back in 2008?   Barack Obama.   Now, as President Obama, he endorses her, praising her judgment and character.  (What?)  This epitomizes everything wrong with politics today!  Fortunately, you and I have long memories, and we also have the Internet.  For more specifics, click here.
A final Huck's Hero salute to formerly homeless, 91-year-old World War II veteran Serina Vine, who passed away all alone last month in a VA center in Washington, DC… and to the surprising heroes who insured that at her military funeral, she was not alone and forgotten, but was remembered, honored and mourned by hundreds of comrades.
Funny story!  Turns out you really can teach your kids to be too honest:
The answer why is not what you think.

The father of the Orlando mass murdering terrorist appeared in the media to deny that his son's actions had anything to do with radical Islamist religious beliefs.  Before you accept him as a reliable source, take just a moment to learn, in words and personal photos, about the dad's life as a Taliban-supporting, US State Department-visiting candidate for president of Afghanistan:
The article at the link cheers President Obama for forcing himself to use the word "terror" in his statement about the deadly attack in Orlando.  Yet he still couldn't bring himself to say "radical Islamic terror," even though the killer pledged allegiance to ISIS and ISIS took credit for the attack.  John Podhoretz in the New York Post pointed out that saying it was terrorism without specifying the motive is like a doctor telling you that you have cancer, but not where it is in your body so you can do anything to stop it.     Obama actually stated that "we need the strength and courage to change" our attitudes toward the LGBT community. As if tens of millions of bigoted Americans gunned down the victims in Orlando.  I keep hearing from the media that Obama is the most brilliant President ever, but I thought that being able to draw a straight line from A to B was a fairly remedial mental exercise. Maybe we should stop calling him President Obama and start calling him President Oblivious.

I just landed in Tel Aviv, the site of a recent horrific terrorist mass shooting, and am now catching up with the details of an even more deadly attack back home in Orlando.  The latest news I've received is that the death toll at the gay nightclub Pulse has reached 50, with 53 wounded.  That makes this deadliest mass shooting in US history.  The shooter was killed in a shootout with police.  Please join me in praying for the victims and their families, and that the wounded will recover and there be no more casualties.    The link below has a recap of what happened if you're just getting up on Sunday morning and hearing the news.  The killer was identified as Omar Mateen, a US citizen of Afghan heritage from Port St. Lucie, Florida.  Police say he entered the crowded dance club at 2 a.m., well-organized for an attack and carrying a semi-automatic rifle.  It's being treated as a radical Islamic terrorist attack.  Authorities are usually hesitant to say that so early in an investigation, so there must be some pretty strong evidence.  President Obama has been notified and is receiving regular updates.  I am keenly interested to hear what he will say.    Obama, of course, has become famous for refusing to call obvious acts of Islamic terrorism, such as the Ft. Hood shooting and the San Bernadino shooting, by their accurate names. Western nations have opened their borders and kowtowed to radical ideologies in the name of political correctness and multiculturalism, and we are seeing the deadly results in Europe and now here in America.  How many more tragic attacks will it take, in Europe, Israel and now in America, before self-hating liberal leaders wake up to the fact that radical Islam is a deadly menace, incompatible with Western values?  News flash: there is a real war on gays and women, but it's not Republicans who are waging it.  And instead of the hate behind this vicious slaughter, we'll probably hear more lectures about the firearm.
Please join Janet and me in praying for the victims of the Orlando attack and their families.
After a long struggle with dementia and a stroke in 2014, hockey legend Gordie Howe has passed away at 88.  Most obituaries will be filled with his amazing career stats, but if you're not into numbers, try this salute to "Mr. Hockey."  It offers a few unusual personal sidelights that you might not know about one of the greatest athletes of the 20th century.
After a VA official had the audacity to compare the deadly wait times at VA hospitals to the lines at Disney World, a writer at Independent Journal visited Disney World to see if there is any comparison.  Short answer: No, there really isn't.
Prepare to be shocked: Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorsed Hillary Clinton. And on the Rachel Maddow show!  All this needs to make it perfect is some atonal Philip Glass music playing softly in the background on NPR.     Warren is being bandied about as the perfect running mate for Hillary because of her extensive executive experience.  Just kidding!  She's just really far left, enough to make Hillary look like an Eisenhower Republican by comparison. Endorsing Hillary now is a shrewd move as it positions her to become the designated running mate early, whether the nominee is Hillary Clinton or Joe Biden, who also endorsed Hillary today while keeping one eye fixed on any news coming out of the FBI.     Naturally, Warren also leaped on the leftist bandwagon by calling Donald Trump a "loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud."  Which I guess is payback for him calling her a fraud for claiming to be Native American to advance her academic career at the expense of real Native Americans.  I don't suppose Rachel Maddow got into that subject, but to be honest, I'm not a regular viewer.    Trump escalated the battle with a blunt tweet of his own.  Click the link to read it.  Can you imagine what the Lincoln-Douglas debates would have been like if we'd only had Twitter in the 1800s?
You need to read these 3 stories...
You know how I feel about dog stories...(must read)
CNN has just brought us a preview of things to come in this campaign season:  the lame, predictable and totally inadequate responses by Clinton surrogates to any questions surrounding the Clintons and their foundation.  Get used to hearing these responses, over and over.  Because, really, what else can be said?   Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill, in an interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo, dodged some admirably specific questions about the Clinton Global Initiative and the Clinton Family Foundation.   Clinton spinmeisters have turned avoidance into an art form, to be sure.  First, deflect the question.  Never answer the question.  Instead, point out in very general terms the good their foundation has done around the world and the selflessness Hillary Clinton has shown in turning her attention to public service.  "At any point in her life," McCaskill actually says, "she could have made a choice in her life to make money."   If you were sipping coffee just now, I'll wait for you to recover from your spit-take.   Anyway, for a great analysis of McCaskill's tactics, click here.  We'll all be seeing a lot of this response in the coming weeks.  The plan will be for Hillary to avoid questions as much as she possibly can and for "her people" to step in for her and use the strategy here.
I missed this earlier this week.  What are our "rights" as Americans?  Are they the ones written down in the Bill Of Rights, or do they include, as liberals argue, other so-called rights such as the right to an abortion, the right to free medical care, the right to a free college education, and more?   Those in our armed services have the sacred duty to take up arms and risk their lives to protect our rights.  So, the question must be asked, is it fair to ask them to fight for new, essentially made-up rights?  Here's the link to a great essay on the subject, one that every liberal should read and think about but no doubt won't.
Those darn polls...

Good morning! Here is a great animal video: An elephant seems to be menacing a cyclist and blocking traffic.  But there's a delightful surprise twist at the end:

Worth watching regardless of what you think about Muhammad Ali.
Maybe Hillary Clinton should ask her campaign chairman to stop helping her quite so much.
Crickets from the media on this story...

A pastor at a tiny Baptist Church in Hood River, Oregon, has been protested by Muslims, condemned by town officials and held up to national scorn in social media for a message he put on the church's sign about the Bible and Islam.  Read what the sign said and tell me below, are you outraged and offended?  If you know anything about theology, are you even particularly surprised?
You won't read this in the mainstream media...
Not only did Obama endorse her, he is protecting her from justice.
So scary...
I encourage you to learn more about my upcoming trip to Israel at www.TheGreatestTrip.com.
Truth.
July 30th marks the 60th Anniversary of "In God We Trust" being written into law as America's national motto. Our Motto has been referenced by our Presidents, written on our money, and is in our National Anthem. Although some would like to erase God from the public square, we see this as an opportunity to proudly proclaim that "In God We Trust" is still the bedrock upon which our nation is built. On July 30th, let's sweep the nation with our National Motto! Join the 800,000+ people who have already received their sticker and be a part of the One Million Window Campaign!
Amid all the claims of Donald Trump saying one thing or another that's "disqualifying" for office, leave it to Newt Gingrich to put all the canned outrage into perspective with two words that have probably never been applied to the Donald before.  But once you hear Newt's reasoning, it's pretty hard to argue with.
Billionaire socialist (that sounds like an oxymoron, but in reality, only billionaires prosper under socialism) George Soros is sort of like a taxidermist: he doesn't make his money until something dies.  Soros is able to fund so many far-left candidates and causes that are corrosive to America because he got very wealthy profiting off other people's misery by selling short against collapsing industries, countries and currencies.  News that he's actively trading again should send a shiver through anyone hoping for a bright economic future.  Read more here, and before voting for the far-left candidates Soros supports, think hard about how they set the stage for the fiscal disasters he profits from.
She'll say whatever she needs to say in order to win. That is a fact.
Now, that's a good son!

A big Huck's Hero salute this afternoon to four young men in Calgary, Canada, who suspected a young woman might be in danger.  Instead of "not getting involved," they went out of their way to check on her and ended up saving her from a devastating sexual assault.  Read the full story of this real-life Fantastic Four here:
MUST-READ STORY:
In one of the more entertaining breaks from reality...
Where is this Teflon Republican? My latest:
Hillary still insisting she's not under criminal investigation.  FBI still not getting the message:
Busted...
Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton laughs, deflects questions and tells outright lies when asked about her email communication during her tenure as Secretary Of State.  To hear her tell it, keeping all her State Department correspondence on her own server and staying "outside" the departmental system was no big deal and everybody knew about it.   But look more closely at the emails that have been released, and it's easy to see that this is a very big deal indeed.  Though many of the classified ones could be released only after being highly redacted, each redaction came with its own code to explain why the redaction had been made.   The redaction code "B7(F)" appears on some of the pages that we can see only in blacked-out form.  This code is placed on information that, if released publicly, would "endanger the life or physical safety of an individual."  In other words, if this information gets out, people can die.   Hillary Clinton's desire to operate in secret is apparently so important to her that she's willing to risk other people's lives.  Click here for more.
Very moving story of how a woman and her daughter spotted a Vietnam veteran in a wheelchair outside a homeless shelter.  Taking far more action than the V.A. would, they brought him some food, befriended him, prayed with him and learned how he and his wife lost their home.  They enlisted their church to help, and started a GoFundMe page for him.  Read the entire story at this link, which also has a link to the GoFundMe page.  Any donations to help this forgotten wounded warrior, no matter how small, can add up fast and make a big difference.
The presidential race wasn't the only vote making history Tuesday.  In North Carolina, Rep. Renee Ellmers became the first Congressional Republican of 2016 to lose her primary.  Much will be made of the fact that she was an early Trump endorser, and Trump endorsed her in return.  But her problems went far deeper.  Her original Tea Party supporters felt she had betrayed them, and redistricting gave her another Republican incumbent, Rep. George Holding, as a rival.    But as this story notes, the really newsworthy thing about her loss is that despite the media declaring this the year of pitchfork-waving voters and insurgent outsiders, very few down-ballot incumbents and only one Republican so far have actually lost their primaries.
Update on terrorist mass shooting at the popular Sarona market in Tel Aviv.  Three people are dead, at least five injured, some seriously.  At last report, two shooters disguised as Ultra-Orthodox Jews had been captured.  They are reportedly Palestinians and members of the same family.  Police were still searching for a possible third shooter (that may change at any second).  Bomb squads are searching the area to make sure they didn't leave behind any explosive devices.  It's not yet clear if any organized terrorist group is behind the attack and there was no specific warning -- although Hamas had put out a generally threatening Tweet for Ramadan and Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh tweeted out victory congratulations to the killers of innocent shoppers.  That should tell you all you need to know about Hamas and about anyone who seriously thinks they can be negotiated with.     Is it any wonder, with US leadership shunning Israel and loosening nuclear restrictions on her enemies, that Prime Minister Netanyahu is seeking a closer alliance with Russia?  Vladimir Putin may be an iron-fisted tyrant, but at least he knows a mortal threat when he sees one.  Sadly, that can no longer be said about America's current leader.    This link has more details on the Tel Aviv attack plus video.  Warning, it's disturbing:
As the first female presidential nominee of a major party, Hillary Clinton had the spotlight for what should have been a historic victory speech.  But her speech was more of a rambling laundry list of talking points, veering from the history of feminism to attacking Donald Trump to praising Bernie Sanders and appealing to his voters to come over to the Dark Side, to promising to bring back good-paying jobs without saying how, to vowing to get unaccountable money out of politics (has there ever been a worse spokeswoman for that cause?) and so on. As for her claim that "We have a prosperity that lifts everyone who has been left out," I'd sure love to know where that's happening.  There were also the usual cliché attacks on Republicans ("Make America Great Again" means we want to turn back the clock to the days of racism and sexism) and another slam at Trump for attacking reporters for asking tough questions.  That's particularly ironic coming from someone who hasn't held a press conference this year (and it's June already) and whose last informal Q&A lasted all of eight minutes and didn't include a single non-puffball question.
In the most anti-climactic climax since the ship sank at the end of "Titanic," Hillary Clinton officially grasped the Democratic nomination after Tuesday's six primaries, a nomination she'd already unofficially grasped the night before when the AP reported that enough delegates and superdelegates were now backing her to win.  Hillary beat Bernie big in California and New Jersey, but in an omen that must be rattling the DNC, her vote totals were down since 2008 by 30% in California and 13% in New Jersey.  Also worrisome for Hillary: Sanders vowed to keep fighting right through the convention. But it's questionable how much fight is left in Bernie (he'll now be under heavy pressure from party bigwigs to play ball, and after a surprisingly weak showing in California, he reportedly plans to lay off at least half his staff today – a move downplayed by his campaign as routine downsizing near the end of the primaries).
I recently told you about third-grader Logan Autry, who was sent home from school after he refused to remove his "Make America Great Again" hat.  He'd worn it to school for three days and was getting increased attention for it, much of it negative.   But instead of condemning the bullying, officials blamed him and his bright red hat.   Logan, a big Trump fan who loves politics and American history, stayed home from school and, with permission from his family, attended a Trump rally the next day.  Of course, he wore the hat, which ended up getting signed by Trump himself.   But the story of the hat goes on.  Click here to see what happened after that.  And congratulate Logan for using his head for something other than a hat rack.
This is interesting ===>
My take on the news of the day:
Some lunchtime reading...
Watch the Mike Huckabee - Megyn Kelly interview everyone is talking about this morning:

Steve Harvey might be the hardest-working man in show business, with stand-up gigs, best-selling books and multiple TV shows.  He's also known as one of the most devoted husbands and fathers in or out of Hollywood.  He just revealed to People magazine the stunning story of why he is so successful today on both the personal and professional levels, and why he works so hard to help others in need and to mentor young men to be good fathers.  It all dates back to a time when he was at his lowest point, twice-divorced, homeless and sleeping in his car for three years.  As he broke down crying in despair, he heard what he believes was the voice of God speaking to him. If you've ever felt that failure can't be overcome and you just can't go on, you should read the rest in Steve Harvey's own words.
Must read book...more details here:
Let me just say...AWESOME.
Shakespeare wrote in "King Lear,' "How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child!"  But some Seymour, Indiana, parents must've felt more like they were trapped in a production of "MacBeth" after they noticed their sodas tasted funny and discovered their 13-year-old son had sprinkled rat poison shavings over them. The boy was allegedly ticked off about being disciplined.  The parents were treated, and the kid was arrested.   Read the full story, if for no other reason that to see the quote from Police Chief Bill Abbott, who observed that while the child might have been upset at being disciplined, "there's other ways of handling things."  Than putting rat poison in your parents' Cokes?  I would hope so!

As the Democratic Party moves further left to court new identity group voters, their traditional supporters keep getting thrown under the bus.  For instance, African-Americans have seen their wages and household income gutted, while Democratic leaders champion bringing in more immigrant workers and legalizing those already here illegally.  Meanwhile, the new push for transgender rights is steamrolling women's rights.  And I'm not talking about bathrooms.    First there was the brawny transgender fighter who was literally slaughtering opponents who were actually born female.  Now comes this story of an Alaska transgender high school student who was allowed to compete in girls' track events.  Being "trapped" in the body of a man turned out to have some advantages, as the student won all-state honors in girls' track and field.  But born-female athletes and their parents are protesting that it isn't fair: those girls worked hard to win scholarships, only to lose to someone with the superior strength and speed of a male athlete.    Sorry, but under the current rules of political correctness, you aren't allowed to say that it's not fair for a male to call himself female and beat female athletes at sports.  Instead, the party of feminism now insists that in the name of progress and equality, women are supposed to be quiet and accept being beaten.     There's an old saying that fanatics eventually become the thing they originally opposed.  I think it's safe to say that the PC left has now sprinted past the finish line on that.
Prince Harry is a man of his word...BRAVO.

I wish I had shared this with you on the anniversary yesterday...better late than never:
A nation that can't arm itself isn't a nation...
Worse than we thought...
Who says the Clintons don't own the media...
This is like something out of an old "Columbo" episode: The parents of a murder victim believe their son was killed by his wife, and their witness is the couple's African gray parrot, who seems to be repeating their son's last words.  This is no surprise to two of my staffers who rescue parrots and are always telling stories about how smart they are, particularly their African gray, Dorian Gray. They claim he speaks in complete sentences and could easily take the stand in a murder trial.  But the defense attorney would probably object that he was being bribed because he would refuse to talk until the DA gave him a peanut.
Sorry, animal lovers: the mother of the child who fell into a gorilla pit at the Cincinnati Zoo will not be charged over the necessary killing of the gorilla. The prosecutor explains the reasoning here, and it's something most moms of more than one child can empathize with.  But considering that zoos actively target families, they might want to make sure enclosures for all dangerous animals are more secure.  One thing you quickly learn when you have young kids is that if there's anyplace they're not supposed to get into but can get into, they'll get into it.
Must-Read Article: A side-by-side comparison of life for today's 19-year-old Millennials who think they have it really hard, with life for a typical 19-year-old on June 6th, 1944: D-Day.
Catch up on what matters...
Somebody in authority finally "went there": former Bush undersecretary of defense for intelligence, retired Army Gen. Jerry Boykin, told Breitbart Radio that "lives have been endangered" by Hillary Clinton's irresponsibility with classified information, and what she did should be "punishable by jail time."  Now that the "J" word has been brought up in mixed company, let's see if it opens the floodgates or if the media and other Hillary supporters just keep sticking their fingers in their ears.
It's been over 10 years since the Dixie Chicks tanked their career by making anti-Bush political statements on stage after 9/11.  Well, they're finally back.  And judging from their stage backdrop, they might have to call this the "Alienating Half of America II/Second Farewell Tour."
I know there's still a lot of animosity in many conservative circles about Muhammad Ali, over draft-dodging, his Muslim conversion and other issues.  But there's much about the latter part of his life that might surprise you.  For instance, did you know he became deeply religious and endorsed Ronald Reagan for President?  Check out this story to learn more about the religious and political views of Ali that the left would prefer you not know.
The Clinton campaign is already trying to spin away the new book by a former Clinton Secret Service agent by dismissing it as "fantasy" without even knowing what's in it.  But this isn't the first time Secret Service agents have been less than secretive about what they experienced during the Clinton years.  This article recaps some of the previous comments from the Clintons' palace guards (no, that doesn't refer to the media.)  To give you the general idea, Ron Kessler, an author who interviewed the Clintons' Secret Service detail for a prior book, is quoted as saying when the cameras are off, "Hillary Clinton can make Richard Nixon look like Mahatma Gandhi."
Congratulations to Miss District of Columbia, Deshauna Barber, who is also an Army Reserve captain and commander of the 988th Quartermaster Detachment at Fort Meade.  Her answer to a question about whether women should be allowed in all military positions likely won her the Miss USA crown.  See her response for yourself at the link.    Incidentally, this means Miss USA now has with more military experience than the Commander-In-Chief and most of his top level advisers. Put together.
If Hillary Clinton does become President, at least there will be no more articles about how hard it is for professional comics to follow the President at the White House Correspondents' Dinner.  Hillary attempting to do stand-up comedy reminds me of a line from "Frasier" where Frasier's icy ex-wife Lillith explains why her hair is down instead of in the usual bun: "After several hours of careful deliberation, and weighing all the consequences, I decided to be playful."
Well there you go...
Unfair question...
Some say violence is never justified, but if ever there were a case where it was at least understandable, this is it.  Judging from the reaction on social media, any D.A. who files charges against this dad for suddenly launching a flying tackle at his daughter's smirking killer in court really doesn't want to get reelected.  See the story and the incredible video at the link, then weigh in below on whether you think this grieving dad should be punished or put in charge of the execution.
When journalists noticed earlier this year that some archived video from 2013 about the Iran nuclear talks was missing several minutes of the original footage, the State Department was ready, as always, with a good excuse.   As recently as a few weeks ago, they were blaming it on "a glitch."   But now they're saying a specific request was made to edit out the clip --- not that they know who made the request or why.  The individual who took the call has no memory of that, darn it.  But the story is that it came from someone in Public Affairs.  Perhaps that was Winston Smith, from the Ministry of Truth.   There were no rules governing this sort of thing at that time, so no investigation will be done, according to State Department spokesperson John Kirby.  "What matters to me," he continued, "and I take it seriously, is our commitment to transparency and disclosure."   Right.
In what must set a new standard for cherry-picking Bible verses to promote an agenda, President Obama cited the Golden Rule in defense of his Administration's transgender bathroom policies.  That means doing unto others as you'd have them do unto you.  Okay, I will respect the right of women to use the bathroom in privacy if they respect my right to do the same.  I don't think the Golden Rule means what Obama thinks it does.
Huck's Hero salute to UCLA engineering professor Christopher Lynch.  When the shooting started last week, instead of running for his life, Lynch ran toward the gunfire and held the door against the shooter while yelling a warning to the others to get out.  Even more impressive: most college professors probably wouldn't know this, but I assume an engineering professor was aware that bullets can penetrate office doors. Read the full story at the link.
One of the biggest ISIS-related cases to reach trial in the US came to an end Friday in Minneapolis with guilty verdicts across the board.  Abdirahman Daud, Mohamed Farah  and Guled Omar, all of Minneapolis and all in their early 20s, were convicted of plotting to travel abroad to join ISIS and commit murder.  Omar was even found guilty of trying to use his student loan aid to finance the trip. Nice to know that he appreciated the generosity of the American taxpayers enough to use it to finance murdering American taxpayers. They all now face possible life sentences.  Let's hope this is an example of student loan money actually teaching someone a lesson they'll never forget.
It might be time to write new lyrics to the old Dionne Warwicke song: "Do You Know The Way OUT of San Jose"?!  It's a lovely city, but apparently, Democratic Mayor Sam Liccardo thinks that the targets of violent crime are to blame for it, and the police won't get involved to stop assaults unless they think the victim's death is imminent.   How else to explain the official reaction to the mob of violent leftist protesters outside a Donald Trump rally last Thursday whose barbarism included physically assaulting Trump supporters?  Mayor Liccardo was quoted by the AP as saying, "At some point, Donald Trump needs to take responsibility for the irresponsible behavior of his campaign."     Uh, Mr. Mayor?  It wasn't the Trump campaign that was burning American flags, throwing eggs and bottles, and gang-assaulting innocent people for wearing Trump T-shirts.  Liccardo is a bigtime Hillary supporter, but even Clinton spokesman John Podesta knew where to place the blame for this, saying, "Violence against supporters of any candidate has no place in this election."    MSNBC anchor Chris Hayes echoed that.  He called the protesters' behavior "despicable mob violence," said "people have a fundamental right to attend a political rally," and called on the perpetrators to be identified and prosecuted.    So why did the police just stand by and let thugs run wild?  Did California environmentalists bar them from cutting down trees to make billy clubs?  Actually, San Jose Police Chief Eddie Garcia praised the officers on hand for their "discipline and restraint" in not getting involved in confrontations that weren't life-threatening.  So the minimum requirement for the police to intervene in stopping an assault in the streets is that it must appear to be potentially lethal?  I wouldn't put that in the tourism brochures.
If you're looking for a place to live with no crime whatsoever, you might consider Palmdale, California.  At least, I assume that's the case, since local sheriff's deputies have nothing better to do with their time than visit the home of a Desert Rose Elementary School student and warn his parents that he isn't allowed to share with fellow students the notes with Bible verses on them that his mom puts in his lunch bag.  Good thing she didn't put any angel food cake or hot cross buns in his lunch, or the kid might have been hauled to the slammer.    Sounds like yet another case of overreaching PC liberals using a Supreme Court interpretation of the Bill of Rights (in this case, banning compulsory prayer in schools) to crush actual, enumerated First Amendment rights.  Read the entire outrageous story at the link, then tell me your opinion below.
Earlier today, as FNC was going to a commercial break, they put up a couple of quotes from Muhammad Ali.  I thought, "Gee, these are a lot like the kind of thing Donald Trump says!"  So I did some research and came up with quite a few quotes that sound like something either of them might say.  Then I made up this little game!  Seems to me it might go viral...  IN HONOR OF THE LATE, GREAT MUHAMMAD ALI, here's a fun game to play!   Both Ali and Donald Trump are widely known for their catchy and often-inspiring quotes.  See if you can match the quotes below with the man who said them, either Ali or Trump.  Answers appear at the end.   1.  "Change your attitude and gain some altitude." 2.  "If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it." 3.  "I don't do it for the money.  I've got enough, more than I'll ever need.  I do it to do it." 4.  "To me, it's very simple:  if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big." 5.  "I'm not the greatest --- I'm the double greatest." 6.  "I should be a postage stamp.  That's the only way I'll ever get licked." 7.  "At home, I'm a nice guy, but I don't want the world to know.  Humble people, I've found, don't get very far." 8. " Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser." 9.  "If you ever dream of beating me, you'd better wake up and apologize." 10. " My experience is that if you're fighting for something you believe in --- even if it means alienating some people along the way --- things usually work out for the best in this world." 11.  "Impossible is not a fact.  It's an opinion." 12.  "Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out."   (Answers:  1. Trump; 2. Ali; 3. Trump; 4. Trump; 5. Ali; 6. Ali; 7. Ali; 8. Trump; 9. Ali; 10. Trump; 11. Ali; 12. Trump.)
In what must set a new standard for cherry-picking Bible verses to promote an agenda, President Obama cited the Golden Rule in defense of his Administration's transgender bathroom policies.  That means doing unto others as you'd have them do unto you.  Okay, I will respect the right of women to use the bathroom in privacy if they respect my right to do the same.  I don't think the Golden Rule means what Obama thinks it does.   h
More on the violent, lawless protesters outside the Trump rally in San Jose.  They are doing more to elect Trump than Hillary Clinton's campaign strategists, and that's really saying something.
This is a must-read tribute to a man who passed away at 109 on, appropriately enough, Memorial Day.  He was the author's Uncle Charlie Clarke, the oldest living confirmed veteran in the US.  Strangers who passed this smiling, humble everyman would never imagine his military background as part of the Red Ball Express, a unit of the 9th Armored Division in World War II that risked death delivering supplies to the front lines at a time when black soldiers were barred from fighting there.  His story is a panorama of over a century of historic milestones, from childhood in the segregated Virginia of the 'teens to seeing his mother become one of the first women to register to vote, from his heroic war service to facing a different foe when he drove a school bus during the early days of desegregation, and finally being awarded a medal for his World War II heroism by America's first African-American President.  All that plus some great stories and a diet tip that men will appreciate.  Click the link to read this much-deserved salute.
More trouble for the makers of Katie Couric's anti-gun "documentary."  Turns out that in using an undercover reporter to demonstrate lax laws for gun purchases, the producers may have inadvertently committed at least four felonies. Oops, turns out laws for buying guns aren't that lax after all!  They could have checked with some gun owners about this beforehand, but as we learned from the same "documentary," when gun owners are asked a question about gun laws, they just sit around for minutes at a time with blank looks on their faces, right?
Planning a summer vacation in Europe?  Me, neither!  Thanks to the recent terrorist attacks and news reports of mobs of Middle Eastern refugees assaulting women, the travel firm Hopper recently reported that online searches for European travel were down 13% from last year.  In Paris, add floods and militant union protests to the mix, and Parisians say they've never such sparse numbers of Americans taking selfies with their baguettes.    But if you are planning to vacation in Europe, the State Department has issued an alert for terrorist threats at large events and various public venues.  You can read more about it at the link.  Or just vacation in Texas, where law-abiding citizens are armed, too, and would-be terrorists are gunned down before they get 20 feet from their cars.
President Obama talked gun control at an Indiana townhall this week that was broadcast on PBS.  Too bad PBS viewers missed the best part: after the televised portion ended, a local gun shop owner asked Obama a simple question that completely exposed the illogical nature of most gun control advocates.    You'll find that question at this link, along with video of Obama assuring the audience that he was not looking to disarm them.  Anyone else bothered by how disarmingly he said that?...
Breaking news...
Piers Morgan...less than smart about guns.
A Benghazi survivor said recently that Hillary doesn't have a soul...polling would suggest Americans agree ==>
A new Dr. Ben Carson op-ed is worth reading.
He did indeed.
Paul Ryan endorses Donald Trump.  Read what he said:
READ THIS===>
Excited to be a part of the team!
Dear Facebook Friends:  I have just learned that one of my most devoted and loyal supporters and volunteers, Peggy Erickson, has passed away.  Peggy lived in Minnesota and is well known to the "inner circle" of supporters from the campaign.  Peggy gave countless hours of service to our effort—making calls, emailing, working social media as effectively as anyone I've known, and just being one of the most solid encouragers I've ever known.  In the circle of our team, we are like family.  While there are always the hateful trolls who post mean, vile, and absurd things, such drivel is overshadowed by the gracious and kind servants of heaven who love God, their country, and their families.  Peggy was such a person who gave us all an example of being a true lady and the picture of class.    Janet and I, along with our entire family and our team of both staff and volunteers from the campaign, mourn her death, but we celebrate "a life well lived."  Our prayers go out to her wonderful family.  We loved Peggy and we will miss her.  Mike Huckabee
When Nidal Hasan opened fire on the soldiers at Ft. Hood, President Obama painstakingly avoided calling it radical Islamic terrorism.  To him and all those who wanted to avoid using those words, it was deemed "a tragedy."   Well, "tragedy" is the correct word for what has befallen Ft. Hood this time:  swiftly moving flood waters that have killed three soldiers and left six others unaccounted for.  Their tactical vehicle was overturned at a low-water crossing.  Three soldiers were rescued, including the driver.   In a sad irony, troops and equipment from Ft. Hood have been put to use during the heavy rains in Texas to help save civilians trapped by raging water.  For the full picture, click here.
It's become the default PC position that marriage is just a piece of paper, and that a "family" is any living arrangement you like.  But not according to a new study by the Marriage Foundation, which found that teenagers whose parents are married have higher self-esteem than children of single or living-together-but-unmarried parents.  Having married parents had a far greater impact on kids' self-confidence than even the parents' income.  So if marriage is "just a piece of paper," then it's a lot more valuable than money.  Details at the link.
Well done and thank you.
Trump leading not following...latest example below.
The Supreme Court declined to weigh in again on the constitutionality of the death penalty. I'm always interested in these cases because while a lot of politicians jawbone about the death penalty, those of us who were Governors and had to personally sign off on executions don't take the issue lightly. The case involved a convicted murderer in Louisiana whose attorneys made an interesting argument. But not interesting enough for the SCOTUS to reopen this can of worms again.
LEGO!
Bingo!
If you watch one thing today online, watch this incoherent attack against Trump by Obama:
Interesting.
Must-See Video:  Memorial Day brought many moving tributes to our fallen military heroes.  But none so unusual or moving as what this 11-year-old boy did to salute the veterans who came ashore on Omaha Beach on D-Day.
With the attempt to retake Fallujah in the news, this amazing story is all the more timely.  Many children are inspired by their parents to join the military, but in this case, the son inspired the father.  After his Marine First Lieutenant son was killed near Fallujah in 2006, you won't believe the lengths his 60-year-old surgeon father went to, and the sacrifices he made, to honor his son by following in his footsteps.
An update in the ongoing battle to retake Fallujah from ISIS, which has been in control of the Iraqi town since January, 2014.  Complicating the fight: a number of other tribal militia factions that oppose both ISIS and the Iraqi government, and about 50,000 civilians who couldn't escape and may be used by ISIS as human shields.  If you have a spare moment when saying your prayers today, put in a word for the coalition soldiers who are facing this nightmare of a mission.
Yet more frightening evidence of how the world is becoming a far more dangerous place thanks to the Obama Administration's narcissistic habit of ignoring reality in favor of creating cozy fictions that the media compliantly pass along to the public as fact. If we'd wanted Presidents who create their own reality, we should've elected Shirley MacLaine. At least she was honest about it.
Amazing Story: An interview with the heroic 23-year-old Danish female student who became one of the most lethal fighters against ISIS.  Warning, her war stories contain some disturbing content:
Cincinnati Zoo keepers had no choice but to kill a gorilla that might have harmed a small child that somehow got into its enclosure.  But the Internet has been lit aflame by animal lovers furious at the parents for allowing the situation to happen.  They've reportedly received death threats and demands that they be prosecuted.     But animal expert and TV host Jeff Corwin points out that it's nothing new.  One study showed that 42% of deaths and injuries from captive tiger attacks involved visitors, many of them kids, and not zoo keepers.  He has an important message for all zoo visitors, especially parents:    "When you go to these places, the zoo is not your babysitter. You have a responsibility."   I wonder if our constant immersion in TV, movies and virtual reality is making people forget how to behave in "real" reality. The same obliviousness that allows people to yak on cell phones in Broadway theaters just as if they're sitting at home in front of their TVs is also leading them to assume that real zoo animals are no more dangerous than those in a video game.  In real reality, you don't get to press the Reset button for an endless number of lives.        Read the full article for some possibly life-saving tips for your next real trip to the real zoo.

A suspect is under arrest in Henderson, Kentucky, in the destruction by car of a memorial to fallen veterans.  The hope that it was at least an accident or just the result of drunken idiocy and not deliberate is looking thin:
A leader of the quickly shrinking #NeverTrump forces, Weekly Standard publisher Bill Kristol, claims to have lined up a third party candidate with a real chance.  Of what is not clear, unless it's electing Hillary Clinton.  The last third party candidate to have a major impact on a presidential election was Ross Perot, who got nearly 19% in 1992 and 8% in 1996.  He didn't win, but he split the vote enough to insure that America got two terms of a President Clinton who never won a popular majority.  If Kristol thinks that's a winning game plan, then he's the greatest strategist since General Custer.
Another sign that Hillary Clinton's State Dept. email scandal is heating up: even NBC now is asking why anyone would go to all the trouble and expense of setting up a personal email server in their home just to handle innocuous messages about yoga classes.  I know Hillary claims to be computer illiterate, but had she not even heard of AOL?  Even the normally Clinton-compliant media are finally starting to admit that when you're offered a free, secure, government account that you are required to use, but instead go that far out of your way to avoid it, the most logical assumption is that you were planning from day one on the job to do some stuff you didn't want on the public record.  Watch the video at the link and tell me below: is the media firewall for the Clintons finally crumbling?
Hillary Clinton will say anything to get elected...ANYTHING.
Unbelievable.
New information...

I missed this post yesterday and it is too good not to share...(your "must read" for today).
Law and order...
More bad news for Hillary...
It's always a good idea to "go to the tape" and see what someone actually said before letting the Selective Outrage Machine fire up your emotions.  Latest case in point: the attempt to stir up fury over Donald Trump telling a Washington, DC, crowd on Sunday that "this is our day and we have to be very proud of it."  That sparked the usual Twitter mobs, spewing accusations in every direction, from Trump not knowing what Memorial Day is to him trying to claim the holiday is about himself.  You can see more of their attacks and get the full story at the link below.    I guess none of these self-appointed experts on Memorial Day realized that it's not on Sunday, it's on Monday.  Trump was speaking at the Rolling Thunder Run, an annual gathering of bikers to call attention to POWs and MIAs that falls on Memorial Day Weekend.  I'd say that Trump was justified in calling that "our day," seeing as they organize it every year, and Trump was an invited participant. But even if he actually had been speaking on Memorial Day and called it "our day," how would that be outrageous?  Of course, it's a day for fallen US veterans, but it's also "our day" in the sense that it's our US federal holiday for honoring them, as opposed to South Korea's Memorial Day (June 6) or Newfoundland and Labrador's Memorial Day (July 1).      No wonder so many Americans are fed up with politics when that now provides an excuse to rip people apart on the flimsiest of pretexts.  Instead of using social media to attack a political opponent over a vague pronoun, all those people instead could have joined in to echo the nonpartisan message of Rolling Thunder: to remember American POWs and MIAs. Then Sunday really would have been "our day," as in "all of ours."
Wow, you try to do a nice thing.   Donald Trump gave a press conference breaking down in detail the $5.6 million in donations raised for veterans groups.  And some members of the press corps essentially threw it all back in his face.  In their questioning, contentious reporters did their darnedest to take a positive thing and infuse it with suspicion and negativity.    Not surprisingly, the Clinton campaign referred to Trump's fundraising as a "stunt."  I guess we shouldn't be surprised, either, whenever some members of the media do everything short of wearing "Hillary For President" buttons to show disdain for the presumed Republican Presidential nominee.  Trump responded to their pit-viper attacks by calling some of the reporters "losers."  Then they got even more contentious, and Trump defended his actions.  His last comment before leaving the stage:  "I find the press to be extremely dishonest.  I find the political press to be unbelievably dishonest."   Trump himself donated $1 million to the Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation.  Click here for a look at some of the specific veterans groups receiving big checks.
My friend Jack Hanna's thoughts...
They like Trump...a lot.
Hillary is at it again...
History lesson...

Surprise, surprise...
Today is Memorial Day.  The news media are filled with features about the military heroes, famous and humble, who gave their lives across more than two centuries to secure our rights and freedoms and to protect and defend the victims of tyranny all around the world.  Yet it's depressing to see also so many stories involving disrespect and desecration of veterans' memorials (let's hope the one involving the crosses in Kentucky was an accident and not deliberate).  The linked story compiles several.   In recent years, political agitators have been disturbingly successful at separating Americans into groups and pitting us against each other.  So it makes sense that they would especially hate what those military heroes stand for: the long, proud tradition of Americans from all backgrounds selflessly coming together in the common defense of the principles that made America a beacon of hope for oppressed people around the world. These men and women are history's greatest examples of putting your personal differences aside for a higher purpose.  And the ones honored on those veterans' memorials made the ultimate sacrifice by laying down their very lives for others.     But I have a feeling that the tail may have wagged the dog a little too vigorously.  Just as in 1968, the in-your-face defiance of America's traditions of honor and civility has become so egregious, you can almost feel the righteous fury of the vast majority of Americans rising like heat off the prairie.  The manufacturers of American flags feel it: USA Today reports that flag sales are up 15% from last year.  One flag maker said it's not just because it's an election year: "Most importantly, we feel there's a rise in patriotism."      Let's hope he's right.  The anti-American forces may have loud media megaphones, but that are a tiny bunch indeed compared to those who still believe in American principles and honoring those who protect them.  Maybe if we all rally 'round the flag by flying ours today, our massive numbers will become abundantly clear.
We shouldn't be surprised by THIS:
What he said-->
More to this story than meets the eye...
This RNC ad gets to the heart of it:
He did indeed...
This North Carolina newspaper is twisting in the wind...
What you need to know about the Clinton email story:
Feel-Good Story of the Day, in Palm Harbor, Florida, the daughter of a slain police officer was getting ready for the prom and feeling sad that her father wasn't there to see her off at the door.  That's when she got a beautiful surprise from his brothers in blue.   morning off right:
THIS==>
In case you thought that tear gas-soaked riot outside the Trump rally in Albuquerque was an actual spontaneous expression of public sentiment, here's a copy of a flyer inviting people to it by the organizers.  See if you can guess what kind of radical groups were behind that assault on free speech and which famous rich socialist funds them.
You need to see this feel good photo and read the story behind it:
A big Huck's Heroes salute to the New York City firefighters who helped a two-year-old boy with an aggressive form of cancer achieve his dream of being an honorary FDNY firefighter.  These are some must-see photos, but you might have to see them through the tears in your eyes.  Click on the photo of the fire captain hugging the little boy to be taken to a link to donate to the fund the firefighters set up to help him.
Hawaii is considering a bill that would require every gun owner in the state, even law-abiding citizens with no criminal record, to be registered in a state database.  This sounds a lot like that "gun registration" we were told only crazy gun nuts believed would happen.  This article make some good points for those who compare gun registration with auto registration.  For one, owning a car is a privilege, owning a gun is a right.  And privileges are great, until the government exercises its right to take them away.
Some good points here about how the activist left insist that their policies, from Obamacare to letting people vote without showing ID, are popular with the people, in defiance of overwhelming evidence that they aren't.  There are other good examples, but the focus is on the Washington Redskins' team name. A new poll found that after 12 years of relentless campaigning to convince Americans that it's offensive and racist, 90% of Native-Americans still have no problem with it – the same number who had no problem with it 12 years ago.  The truly terrifying thing about this for the left probably isn't that people disagree with their outrage over a football team name, but the underlying lesson that just because something is in the media constantly, that doesn't mean that everyone agrees with it.  If so, Kim Kardashian would be President by now.
Newt Gingrich is making headlines with his proposal that once Donald Trump becomes President, the new Congress should pass a law giving him the power to fire incompetent federal employees.    As much as many of us would relish seeing the Donald practice his well-honed catchphrase, "You're fired," on a host of VA officials, I'd first like to point out how outrageous it is that we actually have to pass a brand new law before the head of our government can fire incompetent employees.  As the IRS has shown us in recent years, there's virtually no way to get rid of federal bureaucrats, no matter how incompetent, arrogant or corrupt they are.   You can only promote them into management, where they can sleep all day and not do as much harm.
Memorial Day is a perfect time to honor those military veterans who gave their lives to defend our freedom.  But someone tell the VA to stop rushing the memorials for veterans who are still alive.    A Wall Street Journal report found that over the past five years, the Veterans Administration has mistakenly declared more than 4,000 living veterans to be deceased and canceled their benefits.  One vet was declared dead, brought back to life, then mistakenly declared dead a second time (no, his name wasn't Jesus).  He had to get his Congressman to contact the VA and convince them that he was still alive (they wouldn't take his word for it?)    I guess these veterans are supposed to be grateful that they only got put on the VA's list of the living dead.  Unlike the VA waiting lists for treatment, people on that list can be brought back to life after they're declared deceased
North Carolina isn't the only state fighting back...
In light of yesterday's scathing State Department IG report on Hillary Clinton's cavalier handling of official emails, Michael Walsh at PJ Media examines a theory rapidly growing in popularity: that Hillary will be so damaged that Obama will allow his Attorney General to indict her so she can bow out of the race for "health reasons," and Joe Biden will ride in at the last minute to haul the Democrats' vegan tofu bacon out of the fire.      It sounds like a crazy conspiracy theory, but many top Democrats are privately panicking over polls showing Hillary already falling behind Trump (a new PPP poll shows her behind by 2 points in North Carolina), while still struggling to beat Bernie Sanders.  A Hillary-Biden switcheroo would enable the Democratic establishment once again to thwart democracy and deny the old socialist their party's nomination.  Biden could be untouched by the long onslaught of negative ads and snatch a victory for four more years of Obama policies.  Of course, this is predicated on the notion that a majority of voters actually want four more years of Obama policies.     A hat tip to Laura Ainsworth, a terrific retro jazz singer whose sideline is writing topical comedy for radio.  She provided some great parody songs for my former radio show, but maybe she should also be a psychic.  She's been betting friends for over a year and a half that this exact scenario would play out.  I even mentioned on my podcast back on August 4, 2015, that if Biden became the nominee, I'd owe Laura a Coke.   She may clean up.  I'm starting to feel very glad that I don't bet cash!
There is a magic to free speech:
I am guest hosting Hannity TONIGHT! Please tune in!
Believe it or not...TOGETHER
Yes he did...
A mess.

THIS is hard to believe ==>
Texas leads the way...
Well there you go...
As you might expect, the Disney Corp. is not at all happy about being compared to the V.A.
Good morning! Here are my upcoming media appearances:  Friday:  Fox Biz at 4pm EDT—"After the Bell"  Guest hosting Hannity at 10pm EDT…  Next Tuesday, May 31, 6-9am EDT, will be on all 3 hours with Maria Bartiromo

I promise these hairstyles were hip in 1974!
News You Can Really Use:  Did you know that some parts of your refrigerator are colder than others?  To prevent spoilage, certain foods should be kept only in those areas of the fridge.  And some foods should never be put in the fridge at all, while others should never be kept at room temperature.  Check out this handy link to find out which foods should be stored where.
Feel-Good Video of the Day: Frances and Marlow Cowan have been married for 62 years, but they can still put on quite a show for people around the piano at the Mayo Clinic lobby.  Look out, Jerry Lee Lewis!
What he should have done...
If you don't like political correctness you should read this ==>
SEE THIS==>
It was on this day in 1974, exactly 42 years ago, that two 18-year-olds married in a very simple and modest wedding ceremony held at the bride's home in Hope, Arkansas.  That bride was my wife, Janet.   We took a brief honeymoon trip to Eureka Springs, Arkansas, in a borrowed car and then settled into our first home, a tiny duplex apartment on Caddo Street in Arkadelphia, where I was a student at Ouachita Baptist University.  We shared the apartment with another OBU couple and paid $40 a month, which seemed overpriced at the time!  It had been built in the early '20s and it's still standing---and so is our marriage.   God blessed us with three children.  We lost a child between our firstborn and second child, but all three are miracles indeed.  That's because during our first year of marriage...(read more by clicking the image below):
A judge just ruled that Bill Cosby will stand trial for a 12-year-old sexual assault allegation.  The woman claims he gave her pills and wine that knocked her out and molested her while she was drugged.  Cosby's lawyer claims the case is full of holes, there's no evidence, and it was only brought to court because the DA used it as a campaign issue.  But there are about 50 other women who've made similar claims against Cosby.  This promises to be the most-watched trial since O.J., with a once-iconic black celebrity fighting lurid charges that have destroyed his career and reputation, and could get him up to 10 years in prison.    A protracted trial could even have an indirect effect on the election, since Donald Trump is sure to draw links between Cosby and another '90s icon, Bill Clinton, particularly in the way the media are attempting to dismiss the Clinton accusations as old news.  Expect the statute of limitations to become a hot summer topic.  If so, the long-delayed chickens that finally came home to roost for Cosby could end up leaving egg on the Clintons' faces at just the worst moment.   The Drudge Report is already making sure that happens (see the link).     Feel free to opine below on how you think this is going to pan out in court.
Moving in the right direction...
My thoughts on the VA Secretary's comments...
Obama Legacy = Tire Fire
GOTCHA


Now we know why Clinton crony and Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe is so anxious to let convicted felons vote.
I couldn't help myself...
Climbing Mount Everest was once considered one of the most dangerous, if not impossible feats.  The first official successful attempt didn't even come until 1953, when Tenzing Norgay and Sir Edmund Hillary (sorry, not the inspiration for Hillary Clinton's name) made it up and back.  But in recent years, climbing Everest has become a popular adventure trip, with an official "climbing season."  So far this year alone, about 300 people have scaled Everest.  But that doesn't mean you can take an escalator to a Starbucks on top.  It's still a very dangerous climb.  250 people have died making the attempt, with four casualties in just four days last week.     That makes this news all the more amazing and inspiring: Marine veteran Charles Linville of Boise, Idaho, and Tim Medvetz of the Heroes Project reached the peak of Everest last Thursday.   Linville, who lost his right leg in Afghanistan, is now the first combat amputee to climb Mt. Everest.  It was his third try, but as you might imagine, Charles Linville won't let anything stop him.  Click the link to read more about his incredible accomplishment.
I've just posted an update about the breaking news for this case...
BOOM
Benghazi Update:  Click here for the full story and to find out when the committee's official report on Benghazi will be issued --- and why Gowdy says it has taken so long.
Bernie Sanders isn't just taking votes away from Hillary Clinton, he's also siphoning off liberal donors' cash.  According to the latest FEC reports, in April, Sanders' campaign took in nearly $27 million, almost $2 million more than Hillary received – or to put that in her terms, eight speeches to Goldman Sachs.  Yet Bernie's campaign still has less than $6 million on hand because their spending was 143% of their income.  In other words, they were spending money even faster than it was flooding in.  But don't think of it as squandering money.  Think of it as practicing for a Bernie Sanders presidency.
We're always hearing that if we want kids to do better at school, we must spend more, even though we have a $70 billion-a–year Department of Education, and some of the cities that spend the most per pupil have the worst results while private and religious schools that spend far less do better.  So is money really the answer to improving education?    A researcher at the CATO Institute compared the cost of education over the past 40 years (roughly the period when we're had a federal Department of Education) to average student math and verbal skills test results and found no positive correlation.  Actually, the opposite.  Click the link to see a simple but stunning chart comparing the change in cost of education since 1970 and the number of education personnel to reading, math and science scores.  The good news: the chart came from the Department of Education, so at least we're getting something for our money.
Donald Trump is famous for giving his opponents nicknames that frame them in a negative light and are hard to shake because the public perceives that they may be harsh, but basically accurate.  His nickname for Hillary Clinton was "Crooked Hillary," but at yesterday's NRA convention, he hung a new one on her: "Heartless Hillary," for wanting to make women more vulnerable to criminals.  That's because she is so in favor of laws that would restrict citizens' rights to buy or carry firearms, which Trump says are the only way that women in high-crime areas can protect themselves and their families.  Read more of what he said here:
Here we go with yet another Journalism 101 lesson, and I can't believe Andrea Mitchell at NBC News would need such a thing.  But here goes:  No, just because a rape allegation has been "denied," that doesn't make it "discredited."  They're two completely different terms.
What???  Media bias?  Surely not!
Yes, I know the approval rating of Congress hovers between that of roaches and hemorrhoids.  Yes, I know there's often good reason for that.  But it's not true that Congress is unable to set aside partisan differences and accomplish something great.  To quote Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC), "Giving disabled Americans the tools to lift themselves out of poverty isn't a Republican or Democratic issue; it's the right thing to do."   That's just what Congress had in mind when it passed a piece of landmark legislation called the ABLE Act (it stands for "Achieving a Better Life Experience"), which allows states to set up tax-free accounts that help the families of those with disabilities deal with the accompanying financial strain.   To learn the details of this legislation and related bills and the many ways they help those dealing with disabilities, click here and read Sen. Burr's excellent article.  As he says, "In a time of stark division, the passage of the bipartisan ABLE Act is a hopeful reminder of what is possible in Washington when the cause is right."
With all the anti-cop sentiment grabbing headlines in recent months, I'd like to pass on just one story about one great cop who decided to do one nice thing.   Sure, most cities have ordinances about panhandling, but they're aimed at stopping annoyance and abuse, not hurting people in actual need.  Working as a cop is one fast way to learn the distinction, to be able to assess people's situations and respond in an appropriate and compassionate way.   Trooper Luke Bonin of the Massachusetts State Police had just left the courthouse in his police SUV when he drove past a woman sitting on the side of the road, holding a sign asking for help.  When he drove on by, the woman probably was just relieved he hadn't stopped her for panhandling.   No ticket for her --- the trooper had other ideas.  He drove into town (Fall River), picked up lunch for two and drove back to her spot.  When he got out of the patrol car, she started apologizing for being there.  But, surprise, he responded by offering lunch and sitting with her for some leisurely al fresco dining by the side of the road.   We'd never know about this if a passerby hadn't taken a picture and done a little detective work.  Click here for the full story and photo.
I'll be on Judge Jeanine's show at 9 PM EDT and Fox and Friends 7 am tomorrow morning.

Hillary Clinton declared Tuesday, "I have concluded that (Donald Trump) is not qualified to be President of the United States."    Was I out getting a hot dog when everyone decided that Hillary is in charge of determining who's qualified to be President?  According to the Constitution, there are only three qualifications for President: you must be at least 35, a natural born citizen and have been a resident of the US for fourteen years.  Frankly, considering that the last two people she thought were qualified for the job were herself and Barack Obama, I dare say that determining who's qualified to be President is not part of her skill set.
Earlier this week, the Oklahoma Senate passed an unprecedented bill that would make it a felony for doctors to perform abortions, with an exception to save the life of the mother.  Doctors who perform abortions in Oklahoma could lose their licenses or even go to prison.  Gov. Mary Fallin has five days to either sign it, veto it or let it become law without her signature.     Oklahoma has passed several laws restricting abortion that were blocked by courts because they conflicted with Roe v. Wade.  This bill obviously runs counter to that court ruling, but that's the point.  Its sponsors hope it will be appealed all the way to the Supreme Court, as a test case to overturn Roe v. Wade.  But what are the chances the SCOTUS would ever agree to hear such a challenge?  Read more at the link:
From the "Those Who Can't Remember the Past Are Doomed To Repeat It" Department:  Hillary Clinton says she will use Obama's Iran nuclear policy to deal with North Korea's nuclear aggression.  Uhmm…pardon me, but isn't Obama's Iran nuclear policy (letting them continue constructing a "peaceful" nuclear program under alleged UN supervision) the exact same policy we already used toward North Korea in the '90s, which is why they now HAVE nuclear weapons to threaten the world with?  And didn't that same idiotic failed policy occur when she and Bill were in the White House?  So Obama's Iran policy is actually the original Clinton North Korea policy.     Here's a good recap for readers who don't get too dizzy when their minds reel:
The NRA just endorsed Trump for President.  Their spokesman Chris Cox said, "Now is the time to unite. If your preferred candidate dropped out of the race, it's time to get over it."  Trump told the NRA Convention crowd in Kentucky that Hillary Clinton is the "most anti-gun candidate ever to run for office," and she wants to abolish the Second Amendment.  News flash: she's not that crazy about the First Amendment, either.
California has a chemical labeling law called Prop 65 that requires businesses to post signs warning of the presence of any chemical "known to the state of California to cause cancer or reproductive harm."  That sounds reasonable, right?  Then you must not have noticed that I said this was in California...
J. K. Rowling, author of the outrageously successful Harry Potter series, would no doubt be hailed as a first-class WINNER by Donald Trump.  With her entertaining stories about bright young wizards, she has shown herself to be a wizard in her own right, one with a unique kind of creative magic that spawned an empire of children's books, movies and merchandise.  And the never-give-up attitude that led to her eventual success is one that any billionaire business mogul can respect. Read more ===>
Schools in Brighton, Colorado, must really be violent places of learning.  Why, even a 5-year-old student had a gun confiscated and faced suspension for bringing it to her kindergarten class and showing it during recess.  Gee, it must be hard to keep peace in the classroom when even 5-year-old tots are toting firearms.  And administrators can't be expected to keep their cool when even the littlest ones are packing heat.   The gun this child was carrying was a "princess bubble gun."  It fires bubbles.   The bubbleheaded administrators at her school said it was a "firearm facsimile," realistic-looking enough to be mistaken for an actual gun.  Click below for the full story and decide if this toy could possibly be viewed as a real weapon by anyone who isn't crazy.
The House Freedom Caucus, a group of the most conservative, Tea Party-backed Congress members, might not be ready to endorse Donald Trump, but they are willing to reach out to him.  Conservatives have been presenting proposals for eight years to boost the economy and rein in government power and spending, but they've been blocked at every turn.  Now, they're cautiously optimistic enough about Trump that they're working up a First 100 Days agenda in hopes he'll work with them.     Like Trump's Supreme Court nominee list, this could help sway remaining conservative holdouts.  Charles Krauthammer predicted that as the Never Trump movement crumbles, Trump begins reaching out, and conservatives start to think about what Hillary Clinton in the White House would really mean for America, there will be a "cascade" of people rushing toward Trump.  Or maybe it will just look that way because they're running away from Hillary.
We know that mail carriers and dogs are natural enemies, but what this mailman did when he encountered an aggressive dog attacking a little girl puts him into Huck's Hero territory:
We've already seen the New York Times' "Trump is a sexist pig" hit piece implode.  But there was another clumsy attempt to smear him that you might not have heard about because it was aimed at viewers of Hispanic media.  The message was "Trump hates Spanish speakers," and it was equally bogus.  This article has the details and the way the inconvenient truth came out and spoiled the planned character assassination.
Schools in Brighton, Colorado, must really be violent places of learning.  Why, even a 5-year-old student had a gun confiscated and faced suspension for bringing it to her kindergarten class and showing it during recess.  Gee, it must be hard to keep peace in the classroom when even 5-year-old tots are toting firearms.  And administrators can't be expected to keep their cool when even the littlest ones are packing heat.   The gun this child was carrying was a "princess bubble gun."  It fires bubbles.   The bubbleheaded administrators at her school said it was a "firearm facsimile," realistic-looking enough to be mistaken for an actual gun.  Click below for the full story and decide if this toy could possibly be viewed as a real weapon by anyone who isn't crazy.   http://conservativetribune.com/bubble-gun-in-class-school-revenge/

I'm lovin' it...
When President Obama ran for re-election in 2012, he failed to win even one county in the state of Oklahoma.  People had seen enough during his first four years to know they had to do whatever they could to end his "reign."   But when that end didn't come, they weren't about to roll over and take more.  Watching the slow and steady demise of freedom, they obviously took the fighting words of Dylan Thomas' poem to heart:  "Do not go gentle into that good night.  Rage, rage against the dying of the light."  As Obama kept pushing, Oklahoma managed to oppose his power grabs and exercise its state-level power in a variety of ways.   Click the link below to see how the governor and the Oklahoma state legislature have consistently opposed Obama's agenda on such issues as gun control, illegal immigration, religious freedom, federal curriculum requirements and crushing EPA regulations.  It's the feel-good story of the day!  Then, as in the musical of the same name, let's give a big rousing cheer to the great state of Oklahoma.
I hope you'll join me in saying a prayer today for the 66 passengers and crew members of the EgyptAir jetliner that disappeared over the Mediterranean near the island of Crete, and for their families.  At this writing, no debris has yet been found, and officials say it's too early to speculate on whether it was a terrorist attack or mechanical failure.    On one hand, it was a fairly new and reliable plane, the Airbus A320.  And terrorists usually try to target packed jets to kill the maximum number of victims, while this flight was half-empty.  On the other hand, an EgyptAir fight from Paris to Cairo would present a double target for Islamic militants.  ISIS just launched a media blitz, targeting Egypt for attacks because of its relationship with the US.  Click the link for the latest, but I'm sure we'll be learning more about this a long time to come:
Another female "source" for the New York Times hit piece on Trump claims that old excerpts from her book were taken out of context and falsely presented as new interview quotes to create a negative story, while she has "nothing but positive things to say about Donald Trump."
He breaks the mold again...
My latest...
Clearly, the public was misled.
Of course Hillary Clinton went there...
It is primary Tuesday.  For my take on the state of the Democratic race, go to my website here -->
Earlier this year, Iran took a group of US sailors captive at gunpoint and forced one to apologize on camera.  Despite experts claiming that Iran violated international and maritime law, Secretary of State John Kerry thanked Iran for treating our sailors so well.  This was during a time when the Administration was still trying to sell the public on its Iran nuclear deal.     Now, Virginia Republican Rep. Randy Forbes of the House Armed Services Committee is warning that there's more to the way Iran treated our people and how the White House responded than we've been told, and it's "disturbing."  Forbes received a security briefing on the incident, and he's urging other Congress members to do the same.  The public might have to wait a year for the details to be declassified, but Forbes said he believes Americans will be "taken aback" when they learn the full story.  Click the link to read more.  Personally, I don't know exactly what we'll learn.  I just have a feeling we'll all be shocked, but many of us won't be surprised.
My upcoming media schedule:   TODAY: 4pm EDT Cavuto on Fox News 4pm EDT After the Bell on Fox Biz  TOMORROW Lou Dobbs 7pm EDT Fox Biz  Please tune in!
In the showdown between the states and the White House over that school bathroom edict, the White House just blinked first.  Despite the threat that education funds will be withheld if schools don't comply, White House spokesman Josh Earnest now insists that the letter wasn't an "order," it was merely "advice."  Sure it was.  Like when mobsters "advise" you to buy an insurance policy from them if you don't want your business to burn down.
Ready for today's history lesson?  Come on, this one will be fun!  It has to do with Alexander Hamilton, who, thanks to the Broadway smash hit Hamilton, is currently by far the most popular historical figure from our nation's fledgling years.   In their zeal to rationalize their fear and loathing of Donald Trump, the #NeverTrump crowd has been quoting Hamilton from the contentious 1803 election season that gave us President Thomas Jefferson.  If you think "strategic vote-casting" is a product of the 2016 election, you sure weren't around in 1803.  (And if anyone thinks you were around then, you need to take better care of yourself.)  Here, in part, is the quote being cited:  "…If we must have an enemy at the head of the Government, let it be one whom we can oppose & for whom we are not responsible, who will not involve our party in the disgrace of his foolish and bad measures."   To understand what Hamilton intended, though, we have to go back to 1803.  Operating the Way-Back Machine for us today is writer Andrew Clark of the Independent Journal, who illustrates for us that context is everything.  Details matter, and the election laws at that time differed significantly from those of today.  When you click on the link below and get the whole story, you'll understand that Hamilton's goal was never to make his own party lose the election.
The Obama Administration has a number of states up in arms over its "guidance letter" ordering public schools and colleges to allow self-proclaimed transgender students to use any bathroom or locker room they want or face possible withholding of federal funds for things like school lunches for poor children.  Several people have asked me whether a President even has the Constitutional authority to issue such an order to public schools or to withhold funds appropriated by Congress.     I don't pretend to be an authority on Constitutional law, but the authors of this article are.  There are a lot of emotional arguments flying around, but this piece lays out the case, expertly and in painstaking detail, for why Obama's unprecedented action violates "not one, but two federal laws" and how he is once again trying to short-circuit legal and constitutional limits on his power to rewrite law by fiat.  If you want just the facts, ma'am, about his hot button issue, this is the piece for you:
A spokesperson for the Clinton Foundation brushed off the questions by saying that "President Clinton has forged an amazing universe of relationships and friendships."  Well, that's an understatement!  In fact, this is peanuts compared to...
These days, college commencement speakers are often celebrities who don't impart much in the way of real wisdom to graduates.  But that wasn't the case at Hillsdale College, a small liberal arts school in Michigan.  Their speaker was Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, and these excerpts about how to stay grounded in a world "gone mad with political correctness" will make you sorry you weren't there for his entire speech.
A warning that Iran, which denies the first Holocaust, is planning a second Holocaust.  The warning is from a man who should know, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.  Let's pray that unlike with previous warnings from Netanyahu, the Obama White House doesn't ignore this one and just keep on spinning the press and inventing its own reality about Iran.
Today is Pentecost Sunday.  For Jews, it falls 50 days after Passover; for Christians, it's the seventh Sunday after Easter.  To learn more about its origin and what it means (both historically and how it could inspire us today), check out this article:
If you look up "victory" in a current dictionary, you'll see that the first definition of that word is "keeping Hillary Clinton and the Democrats from running Washington, DC."  Apparently, the chairs of nine major House Republican committees have been thinking about that, because they've all united behind Donald Trump for President.   They looked in that dictionary and saw Donald Trump's picture next to the word "victory" --- not mine, God knows, nor any of the other candidates who failed to prevail in this strangest but most important of election years.   The path to victory lies in unity, the chairmen of these committees concluded in the statement they released.  To quote, "Any other outcome is a danger to economic growth, puts our national security in peril, enshrines Obamacare as the law of the land, entraps Americans in a cycle of poverty and dependence, and undermines our constitutional republic."   No argument there.   Click here to see the full story and find out which committee chairs are on board the "victory" train.
I supported Romney, just as I will Trump, despite having serious differences with both. I believe that if you're a Republican, then you respect the voters' choice. But I am especially disappointed in Mitt for this latest attack. He's not only trying to sink his own party's presumptive nominee, but he's factually incorrect and he's making the same unfair attack on Trump that was launched against him in 2012.  If Mitt Romney wants to talk about taxes while showing the world what a real Republican stands for, he should stop trying to destroy the party's presumptive nominee and instead aim his fire at a more appropriate target: the 70,000-plus-page tax code.
Protecting the lives of unborn children has always been of vital importance to me, and I know that other pro-life conservatives are wrestling with backing Donald Trump because of his previous pro-choice statements. Please go to my website to watch this video and then leave me a comment there!

"Of course, they have to investigate if the nominee is really who he says he is. Because isn't that what they did when Mitt Romney ran? When he ran claiming to be a "severe" conservative (whatever that is), but who had created RomneyCare (the template for Obamacare), who marched in gay pride parades and whose governorship welcomed the first same-sex weddings in American history; who had boasted on television in his Senate race with Ted Kennedy that he was more pro-choice than anyone and proved it by hosting Planned Parenthood events and contributing to them; who puffed that he didn't vote for Reagan or identify with THOSE Republicans; and who didn't release his own tax returns until just before the election of 2012."
We need to keep the focus on what went wrong in Benghazi and who is to blame...
Did Paul Ryan get elected to a national position while I wasn't looking? Sure, he is the Speaker and I have respect for the position and for Paul Ryan personally. But he was elected by the people in one out of 435 Congressional districts. Read more:
Here's the most inspiring, must-see story of the day: Congratulations to 7-year-old Anaya Ellick of Chesapeake, Virginia.  In a time when many kids don't learn cursive writing at all, Anaya has such great penmanship that she just won a national award for handwriting.  What makes that even more impressive:  Anaya was born without hands.  No, she uses no prosthetics.  Her mom says she tried them, but they just slowed her down.  Click the link and learn more about this amazing girl.

My thoughts on Mitt Romney's attacks on Donald Trump.
My friend Harry Moskoff has written an opinion column for the Jerusalem Post (including a mention of a comment I made to him about the maps of Jerusalem).  If you want great insight into Israel-Palestine back and forth over Jerusalem, read it here:
Simply the best of the best...
Click here to read my analysis of Tuesday's primary results in West Virginia and Nebraska.
Did you miss my interview with Sean Hannity? Watch it on my website here:
What I am reading...
My friend Lloyd Green has given an exceptional insight into Hillary's challenge.  It's a masterpiece!  I hope you enjoy.
My interview with Lou Dobbs yesterday.
The Fair Tax is at the top of my recommendations list to Donald Trump...what is on your list? Leave me a comment below.
The Huck's Heroes are back...read about our first three here:
Making some news...
Of course a guy like this works for Obama...

Stories from across the internet, with some thoughts from me about each...
This guy is UNBELIEVABLE...
By now, most of you know about my children's education company, Learn Our History. This month we're celebrating our 5-year anniversary!  In celebration, we're releasing a new series for kids called "Drive Thru History", which takes kids on an exciting live-action adventure through history. And, I want to give you the first DVD, "Columbus: The Discovery" for free! You can get it at freehistorytours.com/celebrate.    If you'd like to claim one of these free DVDs for your kids or grandkids, please don't wait because demand is high! Drive Thru History puts kids of all ages in the passenger seat with legendary history buff, Dave Stotts, for a thrilling adventure to learn the most fascinating stories of our past with a focus on contributions from Christianity! We're offering you the Columbus DVD for free because it's the perfect place for kids to start. "Columbus: The Discovery" will take your kids or grandkids on a wild ride through Europe to discover the many challenges and plights that Columbus endured and which led him to discover the new world. If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 s&p. And when you order, you will be set up to receive other great Drive Thru History films about important events in history as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic and faith-based lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Learn Our History guarantees that kids will learn and have fun with Drive Thru History, or your money back. So there's no risk. Whether you choose to place an order or not, please join us in celebrating five amazing years with Learn Our History!
In recent days, I've touched on the specific challenges faced by retail businesses in Obama's Economy.  A number of major retail chains have closed stores in recent months, including Target, Sears and Kmart. And now --- this will be big news to kids who like to hang out at the mall --- the retailer Aeropostale has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after losing money for the last 13 quarters.  Executives have also announced that the company is for sale.   Of course, we don't know all the factors involved in this particular struggle for the bottom line, but one would think a popular fashion chain focused on the huge teenage market would be doing better.  Thanks to the hit from Obamacare and the squeezing of the middle class, things are tough all over for retail.  Click here to see the latest "obituary."
Bernie Sanders may be tired of hearing about Hillary's doggone emails, but the news about them just keeps getting worse and worse.   As a consequence of Judicial Watch's lawsuit, yet another email has been added to the list of 15 that Hillary failed to turn over to the State Department, as she'd been obligated to do.  It's not that this particular email provides any real "smoking gun" (click the link to see the full story), but it just packs more stuffing into the crazy-quilt that is Hillary Clinton's legal mess.  Anyone who remembers the '90s knows that whenever the Clintons seek power, it can't happen without brigades of lawyers, teams of word-parsers, hidden evidence and time-wasting investigation.  Does anyone really want that?
Beware of the friends you keep Hillary...
And another reason why the Obama team is incompetent...
Happy Monday America! Must-see video of the day!  When you're in the automated car wash, and the sign says to keep your doors and windows closed at all times, this is why:
Here's a great story for those who love twist endings: Before claiming to be a victim of discrimination and filing a frivolous lawsuit, make sure you know who the person you're suing is:
Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank vowed that if Donald Trump won the nomination, he'd eat his own column.  Well, Milbank may be a bad prognosticator, but at least he's a man of his word.  Next Thursday, he'll live-stream the eating of his column.  But he's not just going to choke down raw newspaper.   He's asking readers to vote on one of several recipes to make it tastier.  Sorry, he's already ruled out eating it with a side of crow, appropriate as that might be.
Happy Mother's Day!
Actor/director and activist Rob Reiner was on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" this week, where he echoed the standard liberal line that Donald Trump's support is due to racism.  Host Joe Scarborough jumped on that, and he backed off a bit, admitting that "they're not all racists," but claiming that Trump had unearthed America's "submerged" racism.    Read more:
Thank goodness we have the moderate Muslim Brotherhood to protect the world from Islamic terrorism.  Wait…WHAT?!!  Yes, you read that right.  And it must be true, because it came from a Washington, DC, "terror analyst."  Read the evidence at the link about the Muslim Brotherhood's activities (including torture and burning down Christian churches) and tell me if you think he's right:
How polarized have US politics become?  A new Reuters/Ipsos poll found that the #1 reason cited for supporting both Trump and Clinton is to keep the other one out of the White House.
Now that Donald Trump is the all-but-certain Republican nominee, attention is shifting to who will be his running mate. Will he tap a fellow outsider?  If so, he already has Dr. Ben Carson heading his veep search committee.  It wouldn't be the first time that someone put in charge of filling a plum position discovered that the ideal applicant was himself.  There are also his former political rivals who have plenty of governing experience, if they can get past their previous attacks on Trump (former Texas Gov. Rick Perry once called Trump "a cancer on conservatism," but this week, he endorsed Trump and declined to say no if asked to be Trump's running mate).  GOP power brokers will probably press Trump to choose someone with Washington experience, to reassure voters that there will be a second-in-command who knows the ins-and-outs of working with Congress.     Having seen this process up close many times, I can assure you of only two things:  Nobody who says he knows anything really does.  And anyone who does know anything isn't saying.
Think the solution to our health care problems is more government involvement?  Check out this flabbergasting chart, comparing the growth in the number of doctors to the growth in the number of health care bureaucrats since the feds started meddling in medicine.  If these two lines could be reversed, doctors' waiting rooms would be a thing of the past.   I'd love to see a similar chart comparing the growth in public school teachers vs. administrators since we got a federal Dept. of Education.  Over the past 20 years, K-12 administrators have increased 2.3 times faster than the student population.  Even the Huffington Post admits that over the past 25 years, the number of college and university administrators has more than doubled (on average, 87 per day join the payrolls), far greater than the growth rate of students or teaching faculty.  A spokesman for the American Institutes of Research said a "mind-boggling amount" of money per student is spent on administrators.  I thought computers were going to replace paper.  Why do we still need so many people to shuffle it?
Video:  Mike Huckabee discusses Paul Ryan's comments regarding Donald Trump...
Today is Mothers Day.  And even though 80-year-old great-grandmother Barb Mole of Sultan, Washington, admits she's not "the typical granny," I think she deserves a special holiday Huck's Heroine salute.  And a warning to any would-be intruders: do NOT break into Barb's house and attack her family, if you want to live to see Father's Day.  r
July 30th marks the 60th Anniversary of "In God We Trust" being written into law as America's national motto. Our Motto has been referenced by our Presidents, written on our money, and is in our National Anthem. Although some would like to erase God from the public square, we see this as an opportunity to proudly proclaim that "In God We Trust" is still the bedrock upon which our nation is built. On July 30th, let's sweep the nation with our National Motto! Hundreds of Thousands of people have already join the One Million Window Campaign Get your sticker today and be a part of the Movement!
Back in the 1940s, there was a popular comic strip called "Barnaby," about a little boy and his cigar-puffing fairy godfather, Mr. O'Malley.  In one famous strip, Barnaby explains that his friend likes to record politicians' speech off the radio, then play them back later to see if they kept their promises.  Mr. O'Malley replies, "How fiendish!"    Al Gore may have the same reaction to this article.  It's the 10th anniversary of Gore's eco-star-making "documentary," "An Inconvenient Truth," which has been widely shown to students in school science classes.  So the Daily Caller decided to watch it again and see how well Gore's apocalyptic forecasts have panned out since 2006.  In short: if Al were a TV weather forecaster, he'd be looking for a new job by now.
My prayers and condolences today for the family of former Utah Sen. Bob Bennett, who passed away Wednesday at 82 from complications of pancreatic cancer and a stroke. Praise is flooding in from virtually every political figure who ever worked with Bennett. He's being remembered as wise, kind, a fighter for his constituents and small businesses, a pro-life and pro-family conservative and a true gentlemen, even to his opponents. His votes for the bank bailout and immigration reform made him one of the first Senators to fall to a Tea Party challenger, but even the man who replaced him, Sen. Mike Lee, expressed his condolences and respect for Bennett for his courage in fighting cancer and for spending his life "in service to others."  In an age when politics has become blood sport and debate has degenerated into character assassination, let's hope more politicians will be inspired by Bob Bennett's example. He showed us that it is possible to be an effective politician and still be a fine and decent human being.
Watch what I had to say about Republicans not supporting the Republican nominee Donald Trump.
Connecticut lawmakers just passed a bill that will allow police to confiscate the guns of anyone accused of domestic abuse.  That sounds reasonable until you examine it closely...
Washington liberals may be apoplectic to learn that the city is about to get its first gun store and firing range.  They can console themselves with knowing that the concealed carry permit holders all around them will make it a lot safer to walk around DC, lobbying to ban guns.
With the nomination all but settled, attention is now turning to Donald Trump's running mate.  Trump told the NY Times that he plans to form a committee to make VP suggestions, and he wants Dr. Ben Carson on it, which is a good sign.  Carson offers some interesting quotes here.  My favorite is when he says that the deep rifts among Republicans will heal once they realize the importance of defeating Hillary Clinton.  He predicts that Hillary will be "the healing balm – the sap, the ointment."  I can already see the Huffington Post headline: "Carson Calls Hillary A Sap!"
For those Republicans who are still railing about how they'll vote for Hillary Clinton rather than support Trump, Nick Short at Western Journalism has a sobering reminder of what Hillary stands for and the dire consequences for America if she wins.  This isn't a personal attack.  It simply recounts – accurately, and in her own words -- Hillary's long history of seeking to abuse government power to undermine the First and Second Amendments, and to "fundamentally transform" America into a place where citizens are threatened, harassed, intimidated and prosecuted by their own government if they dare to question or oppose her leftist views.  Trusting America to Hillary Clinton for "just four years" is like thinking it doesn't matter who you rent your home to.  You might not recognize the place after she's done with it.
The Crushing Cost Of Complying With Government...Each one of those numbers is mind-boggling ...
WHO SHOULD TRUMP PICK FOR HIS VP?  CLICK BELOW TO VOTE!  http://www.mikehuckabee.com/veeppoll
A new study suggests that Donald Trump may be impervious to negative ads.  This could turn conventional political wisdom upside down.  Click the link to learn more.
Synchronicity: on the very same day Hillary Clinton insisted to an interviewer (with no evidence) that no foreign hackers had ever accessed her private unsecure email server, the Romanian hacker Guccifer told Fox News that he had repeatedly breached her server and read her emails.  He described hacking into it as "easy...easy for me, for everybody."   Incidentally, he was speaking from a detention center in Virginia, to which he has been extradited on federal charges.  You see, illegally accessing people's servers is a federal crime. Making it easy for hackers to access classified state secrets on your server apparently isn't.
John Kasich gave a moving and graceful, if somewhat overdue, departure speech, focused on the people who had supported his campaign rather than himself.  I can sympathize with the disappointment he must feel, but like it or not, the people have spoken.  The Republican Party now must come together and focus on keeping Hillary Clinton from becoming President and appointing Supreme Court Justices.  President Obama spent eight years driving America toward a cliff.  Electing Trump is now our only hope to put the car in reverse, or else let Hillary Clinton send us flying over the edge.  Personally, I'm not interested in seeing America end like "Thelma and Louise."
Two brothers, separated by the Holocaust.  Two families finally reunited, 77 years later.  This is a must-read story, but warning: you must grab some Kleenex first.  You're going to need it:
Now that RNC Chairman Reince Preibus declared Trump the "presumptive GOP nominee", the race is about to shift to partisanism. As we enter the final stage of the election process, we must think of our kids. Our future voters need to understand what's going on. It's why my team at Learn Our History put together the kids' DVD called "Election Day", and for a limited time, you can get it for free at freeelectiondvd.com/future.     If you'd like one of these free DVDs for the kids in your family, you won't want to wait.  Parents and grandparents everywhere are ordering these for their kids while we're still giving them away for free for a limited time. Learn Our History created this entertaining, animated film to make it fun for kids to learn about the complicated election process.  From learning the difference between a primary and a caucus and the reason for debates, to understanding that the Electoral College is not a place for higher learning, "Election Day" helps kids to understand all the election talk they're hearing—and will get them excited about their own voting futures!  If you choose to receive the film, you'll just be asked to cover $1 s&p for the DVD.  You'll also get access to stream the video online, giving your kids two easy ways to watch. Plus, Learn Our History is even including fun printable learning guides that help to reinforce the lessons from the film.  And, when you order, you'll also be set up to receive other great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic history lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Plus, Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back, so there's no risk whatsoever.  Whether or not you choose to place an order for your free copy of "Election Day", please remember that our children represent the future of our country and that there's never been a better time to teach them how the presidential election process works!
The voters have spoken. Read my thoughts on last night's Indiana primary here:
To those who want to rewrite the Constitution to prevent wealthy candidates and PACs from buying elections with negative ads, some interesting stats from @CMAGAdFacts on Twitter:     In Indiana, Team Cruz spent $2.8 million.  The NeverTrump PAC spent $2.6 million.  The Trump campaign spent only $900,000.  In addition, 1 out of 5 presidential TV ads in Indiana was a negative attack on Trump.  And it's looking as if Trump will win with approximately 54%.  It seems that nobody can purchase an election if the voters aren't buying what you're selling.
JOIN ME- I am going to Israel in September and I want you to go with me. This will be an Experience that will change your life.  For more information click:  www.thegreatesttrip.com
VOTE NOW IN OUR POLL AT MIKEHUCKABEE.COM  I WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU!  http://www.mikehuckabee.com/index.cfm?p=ted-cruz-poll
I love a good joke.  But telling untruths to promote gun control laws isn't funny, even when it's coming from Amy Schumer.  Click here for the video and more commentary.
Last week, Franklin Graham asked a Texas audience to sign a pledge stating that they would honor God in public and at home, telling them that America is in trouble. He couldn't be more right. And to turn around our nation, we must look toward our children. It's why my team at Learn Our History has put together the film, "One Nation Under God" for kids. It's so important, we're giving it away for free at freegoddvd.com/fixamericanow    If you'd like to claim one of these free DVDs for your kids or grandkids, please don't wait because supplies are limited. Learn Our History created this DVD because too few children know the story of God's role in American history. We're offering it to you for free because it's a story that every child has a right to know and it's just too important not to pass on. "One Nation Under God" teaches kids all about God's role in the creation of our nation and how our rights and freedoms come directly from God, not the government. If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 s&p. And when you order, you will be set up to receive other great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic and faith-based lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk. Whether you choose to place an order or not, please be sure your kids are learning about God's role in American history
Puerto Rico just missed a debt payment.  Will American taxpayers be forced to pick up their tab? And if so, where will the bailouts end?  Click here for the full story…
Chuck Todd said over the weekend to Ted Cruz that Republican voters are rejecting Cruz at the polls.  If Ted Cruz fails to win the Indiana primary today, do you think he should get out of the race?  Vote here:
Watch what I had to say about Donald Trump...
From the Administration that renamed "terrorist attacks" as "man-caused disasters," "failed economic policies" as "headwinds," "taxing and spending" as "investments," "government pork" as "targeted measures," "tax hikes" as "shared sacrifices," "war" as "overseas contingency operations" and "surrendering" as "leading from behind," comes the latest polysyllabic euphemism for "young criminals."  See if you can guess it before you click the link.  Bet you can't.  You probably won't even believe it once you see it.
As if last week's economic numbers and the closings of Sears and Kmart stores weren't depressing enough, Sports Authority announced that it wasn't able to restructure its $1.1 billion debt, so it could be closing as many as all 450 of its stores.  The nationwide sporting goods chain can't put all the blame on the larger economy: customers have complained of outdated merchandise and higher prices than competitors.  But the overall tough environment for retailers certainly didn't help.
It is make-or-break time for Ted Cruz...
To the surprise of absolutely nobody who knows anything about health insurance (which, sadly, did not include the framers of the Affordable Care Act), Obamacare insurers are taking a bath and will have to impose double-digit rate hikes.  This is bad news for Democrats because those hikes will start being announced just as the November election rolls around.  So it will be the job of the media to try to suppress that news until after Election Day.    This being a Politico story, it tries to cushion the disastrous news as much as possible, but that's not easy when the quotes from people directly involved in the Obamacare exchanges include such phrases as "hemorrhaging red ink," "assume the worst," "the hole is getting deeper rather than getting better," and concerning the penalties for not participating, "it wasn't enough of a hammer."  You know you've got a real winner of a government program when you need to threaten Americans with a bigger hammer to get them to go along with it.    Please help me spread the word by sharing this important story!
The EPA has been known to drive people out of business using regulations imposed with the force of law, even though they were never passed by the representatives of the people.  They also operate in open contempt of Congressional oversight.  You'd think the agency would be afraid of Congress freezing their budget.  But now we know why they're not.    A Daily Caller investigation reveals that EPA officials have socked away at least $6.3 billion in over 1300 accounts since 1990, and spent only about half of that.  These "special accounts" technically aren't secret, since the agency admits their existence, but they don't regularly report the accounts' activities to Congress, the public or the media.  Some might call such a set-up "slush funds," which sounds like something the EPA would fine you for having.  There are lots more dirty details at this link:
There were many heroes working to help victims of the devastating earthquake in Ecuador, but this hero gave his own life in the course of saving seven human beings…and he wasn't even a human himself.
I encourage you to sign up for an online prayer group I am forming. Starting next week we will send you a daily, scripture email. To sign up, visit my website here:
Watch what Mike Huckabee had to say about endorsing Donald Trump on his website here:
My thoughts on the Will Ferrell/Ronald Reagan movie...
This is just BEAUTIFUL.
Earlier this week, Ted Cruz chose Carly Fiorina for his Vice Presidential pick should he be the nominee.  My question for you...
I wonder if liberals will ever figure out that their hysterical overreactions to every Donald Trump provocation do more to undermine their own credibility than to harm Trump with voters?
Donald J. Trump published his plan for the Second Amendment if he gets elected president.  It's two pages of positions and proposals that will enrage millions of Americans.  This is a huge deal.
Very interesting article pointing out that several of Hillary Clinton's key attacks on Donald Trump are centered on issues that the public agrees with Trump on, according to polls.  Actually, there are a number of other issues where she is promising to give us four more years of Obama policies that are clearly opposed to the will of the people, from gun control to expanding Obamacare.  She doesn't get called on it because the media people who cover her tend to live in the same bubble she does.  It's easy to assume that everyone agrees with you when you make it a point never to talk to anyone who doesn't.
This week, Franklin Graham told an audience at a Texas gathering that America is in trouble, and asked attendees to sign a pledge stating that they would honor God in public and at home. To turn around our nation, we must look toward our children.  It's why my team at Learn Our History has put together the film, "One Nation Under God" for kids.  It's so important, we're giving it away for free at freegoddvd.com/fixamerica    If you'd like to claim one of these free DVDs for your kids or grandkids, please don't wait because supplies are limited. Learn Our History created this DVD because too few children know the story of God's role in American history. We're offering it to you for FREE because it's a story that every child has a right to know and it's just too important not to pass on. "One Nation Under God" teaches kids all about God's role in the creation of our nation and how our rights and freedoms come directly from God, not the government. If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 s&p. And when you order, you will be set up to receive other great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic and faith-based lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk.  Whether you choose to place an order or not, please be sure your kids are learning about God's role in American history.
Hey, wait! I thought walls for security didn't work!
Mexico and Donald J. Trump have been duking it out for this entire campaign.  But it looks like Mexico just surrendered in a huge way.  What they just admitted is utterly humiliating, and it has left Trump with a massive smile on his face.
Watch THIS:
In case you missed my appearance on Fox Business last evening.
Target's new policy to allow anyone of any gender to use whatever restroom or changing room they want may be going over big with LGBT activists, but not so much with their customers, many of whom are vowing to become ex-customers.  An online petition to boycott Target over the bathroom/fitting room policy has exploded to (at this writing) over 860,000 signatures.  Target's response was to double down on the progressive potty policy.  At this rate, trans people may soon be able to use any restroom at Target simply because there won't be anyone else in there ahead of them.  Read the latest and Target's response at the link and feel free to express your opinion below:
My upcoming television appearances for this evening are:   5:15PM EDT (4:15 CDT)—Risk and Reward on Fox Business  8:15pm EDT (7:15 CDT)  Fox Business Election coverage  10:45pm EDT (9:45pm CDT) Hannity on Fox News Channel
My latest...
Today, five states vote in what's known as the "Amtrak primary," and that's not because a couple of campaigns are likely to go off the rails today.  It's because the races are all in the northeastern train commuter corridor: Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland and Rhode Island.  Polls show that Trump and Clinton are likely to win all five.  For Trump, it means he could end the day with as many as 968 delegates.  For Hillary, it means that her fait accompli candidacy will be even more accompli'ed, with Bernie's odds of beating her going from "snowball's chance in Hades" to "snowball's chance in a microwave in Hades."     Pollster Scott Rasmussen ran down the remaining 10 states for Fox News and found that if current polls are accurate, Trump could go into the convention with anywhere from just enough delegates to about a hundred short with Ted Cruz a couple hundred behind him.  The latter would mean the convention would go to a second ballot, and as they say in Texas, "Now we got us a rodeo!"  It will make for riveting television, and I advise you not to bet the rent money on any particular outcome.
Sunday was Tax Freedom Day, the day when the average American had finally worked long enough to pay off all the local, state and federal taxes for the year and could start keeping his or her own money to spend on luxuries, like food, clothing and housing.  Incidentally, the average American now pays more in taxes than for all three of those things combined.    But don't start celebrating your freedom from tax slavery just yet.  April 24th was the national average for tax freedom, but it varies from state to state.  Click on the link to see exactly where your state falls in the "toiling for the government" continuum.  For instance, if you live in South Dakota, you were done paying taxes back on April 8th.  Texans and Georgians were finished on April 17th, and Floridians on April 20th.  But if you are in New York, you'll keep on working exclusively for the government until May 11th; and in New Jersey, until May 12th.  Worst of all is Connecticut, where you'll spend nearly 5/12ths of your work year just shoveling money down the tax hole until May 21st.   Is it any wonder that Texas, Florida and Georgia are filling up with fleeing Northeasterners?
Voting used to be so simple.  You just decided which candidates best represented your views and checked the boxes next to their names. But this year, voters are being bombarded with polls and delegate predictions and strategic voting advice (support a candidate you don't like to keep one you like even less from beating the one you do like, etc.), that deciding how to vote is starting to feel like playing 3D Chess while binge-watching "Game of Thrones."    The latest twist is that Cruz and Kasich have struck an unprecedented alliance to try to block Trump from reaching 1237 delegates.  Instead of splitting the anti-Trump vote, Kasich won't contest Indiana while Cruz won't campaign in Oregon and New Mexico.  It gives a new meaning to the phrase "win by losing."  And are you really surprised at how Donald Trump reacted to the news?
It was made official Friday afternoon (click the link below for more from Deadline Hollywood) that I will return to Fox News Channel as a contributor.  A lot of details to be forthcoming, but it will be good to be back with some very fine people.  One thing I really enjoyed at Fox was the camaraderie of the team, from the crew who cleaned the building and the technicians all the way to the celebrity anchors and to the CEO Roger Ailes.  An unusually collegial place to be.  Of course, I was always surprised to be invited to be part of the channel the first time, and even more surprised and delighted they'd still have me back!  :)
Here's how over a million of your tax dollars were put to work: paying a hacker to breach the security of iPhones.  Pro: It helped the FBI obtain info on a terrorist.  Con: it let the genie out of the bottle and now every iPhone user has to worry about being hacked.  Read the full story and weigh in below on whether you think your money was well spent:
Last year, there were 119 murders in Washington, DC, a big spike in homicides, and more than half remain unsolved.  So naturally, the city government is showing its priorities with a legal crackdown on businesses that label their bathrooms "Men" and "Women."    They're urging citizens to turn in these discriminatory evildoers, who face fines for violating a law they didn't even know exists and can't figure out why it exists.  One bar owner thought the urinal made it pretty self-evident that one restroom was the "Men's Room," but not in today's liberal Utopia, where everyone creates their own reality.  Click on the story and marvel at how America's capital morphed so quickly into a George Orwell theme park.
It's been disconcerting see all these Republicans who vowed to support the inevitable candidate, whoever it might be, start talking about taking that back if it's Donald Trump.  Disagree with Trump all you want, but you knew he was the frontrunner when you made that promise.  Also, there's no question it would be far better for America to have any Republican in the White House than Hillary Clinton.  If you make a solemn promise on live TV, then break it, how can anyone trust you again on anything?  But with Trump now looking virtually unbeatable, some of his critics are starting to waver in their opposition.  You won't believe who now seems to be warming to the possibility of an endorsement.
In case you missed my appearance yesterday on Fox Business Risk and Reward With Deidre Bolton.
President Obama was in Saudi Arabia Thursday, where King Salman took the unusual step of telegraphing how little faith he has in him by sending a lower-lever official to meet him, and subtly dissing Obama when they did have a brief meeting.  It's assumed this is due to the current push to release 9/11 documents and allow victims to sue Saudi Arabia, but there's also Obama's weak response to ISIS, and his enabling Iran and suggesting that the Saudis get used to sharing the neighborhood with them.  Maybe it's all three.  But what is embarrassingly clear is that he didn't get a very friendly welcome.  Click this to read King Salman's response to Obama's greeting and tell me if you think that wasn't dripping with not-very-well-hidden meaning.
TIME magazine has come out with its 13th-annual "100 Most Influential People" list, and guess what?  There are actually some Republicans on it.   Seven, in fact.  That's right --- it actually takes a couple more fingers than those on one hand to count them!   The issue has six different covers appearing on newsstands, with none of them featuring a Republican, but that's to be expected, of course.   Click here to see which proud members of the GOP were included, and ponder what other conservatives of influence might have been included in a more objective list.
We already know that in order to be transgender-inclusive, some private businesses are changing their policy to allow anyone to use any bathroom.  (Never mind that traditional bathroom policies are there for privacy and safety against peepers, videographers and rapists, not against transgender people.)  But the latest announcement from discount retailer Target takes the concern into a whole different realm.   In Target's statement, all are now welcome "to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity."   So you're about to give up your privacy in the dressing room, too.   It's hard enough to maintain dressing-room privacy in this technological age, with tiny cameras that can go anywhere.  Now, any man can gain entrance to the ladies' fitting room, just by saying he "identifies" as female.   The problem with this has nothing to do with transgender "identify" or what any of us thinks about that.  Click here to see just how far liberals are taking "the war on women."
Saturday Night Live took some real shots at the movie, "God's Not Dead 2."  It's the same old tired liberal narrative that if you don't agree with a radical departure from the norms of history regarding marriage and support a total upheaval of the definition of marriage, you're a "hater" or a "bigot."  You would think that critics of Christianity could come up with something original, but doesn't appear they can.  My good friend Pat Boone, who is in the film (I played a small cameo role), is speaking out and we should show our support.     The best way to counter religious intolerance toward Christians is not to "boycott" the offender, but "buy-cott" those who stand for Biblical truth.  I am urging believers across America to buy a ticket to God's Not Dead 2 while it's in the theaters.  The more successful a film like this is, the more insignificant will be the smears.  Nothing irritates the irreligious left more than when Christians are successful in getting their message out.  Below are stories about the SNL denigration of the film.  Understand, I like comedy and I like satire.  And I wouldn't call for SNL to be "censored" because that doesn't prove anything or make things better.   Let them say what they wish.  Let's just stand with those who speak truth.   If you haven't seen God's Not Dead 2, please go. Encourage friends and neighbors to do so as well.  Post on your FB and tweet about it.  After you see the movie, post your impressions of it and the message.     http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/pat-boone-accuses-snl-anti-885253   http://m.nydailynews.com/opinion/pat-boone-reveals-idiocy-christian-faith-article-1.2606742
Politico broke the news yesterday that the Obama Administration plans to replace Andrew Jackson's face on the $20 bill with slavery-era heroine Harriet Tubman.  Personally, I have no problem with that, although I wonder if they realize they're replacing one of the racist founders of the Democratic Party with a black, female, Republican gun owner.  Now comes word that in a blaze of "diversity," the Treasury plans to redesign the $5 and $10 bills, too, covering them with an array of figures, from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to Sojourner Truth to Eleanor Roosevelt.     I get the idea behind this, but could we also remember something that Washington finds easy to forget, and that is that money has a practical purpose.  We use it to buy things.  Outside of Washington, people like to avoid wasting it.  Remember how angry everyone was when they brought out the Susan B. Anthony dollar coin that was easily mistaken for a quarter but jammed up vending machines?  Has anyone considered how constantly changing the design of various bill denominations will make it that much harder to tell them apart and keep track of your money, or to make correct change (a lot of young people can't seem to do that now, and money has looked the same for their entire lives), or if vending machines will be able to identify all these new, ever-shifting bills?  This sounds like yet another attempt by DC elites to display their good intentions and social virtue without consideration for the headaches it will cause for Americans who don't pay for everything with an American Express platinum card.
One of today's biggest news stories is the bill that would allow 9/11 victims to sue the Saudi government.  It's sparked a lot of controversy, with the Saudi Royal Family threatening to sell $750 billion in US assets and President Obama under pressure to veto it.   But that's not the only case of terrorism victims seeking to sue a Middle Eastern government.  The other goes all the way back to 1983, when Iran-funded Hezbollah terrorists killed 241 US Marines with a suicide bombing on their barracks in Lebanon.  After a legal battle that's gone on for more than three decades, those families just won a decisive victory against Iran in the Supreme Court.  You might be stunned to see who supported the families and which Justice wrote the decision. Click the link for details.
Harriet Tubman has already secured her place in history, and now she's secured her place in your wallet. No matter how you feel about the decision to put her on the new $20 bill, it's important to share the story of women's role in US history with our kids. It's why my team at Learn Our History created the film, "Ladies of Liberty", and we're giving it away for free at freewomenshistory.com/harriet  If you'd like one of these free DVDs for the kids in your family, you won't want to wait because we'll only be giving them away for a limited time. Learn Our History created this entertaining, animated film to make it fun for kids to learn about courageous women throughout our history—women like Harriet Tubman who fought for equality and who helped shape American into the great nation it is today If you choose to receive the film, you'll just be asked to cover $1 s&p for the DVD.  You'll also get access to stream the video online, giving your kids two easy ways to watch. Plus, Learn Our History is even including fun printable learning guides that help to reinforce the lessons from the film.  And, when you order, you'll also be set up to receive other great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic history lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Plus, Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back, so there's no risk whatsoever.  Whether or not you choose to place an order for your free copy of "Ladies of Liberty", please remember that all children need to learn how the contributions of great women throughout our history have shaped our society and nation for the better!
So far under Obama's nuclear deal, Iran has obtained access to about $3 billion in unfrozen assets.  But when asked if any of that money was being spent on terrorist activities, State Department spokesman John Kirby offered these reassuring words:  "We don't know.  We don't have a way...We don't have perfect knowledge of how every dollar of that is going to be spent…And we stand by what the Secretary [of State] said, that it's entirely possible that they can use some of this funding to support terrorist networks."    If this is an example of the type of diligence that will go into verifying that Iran isn't building nuclear weapons, then we're in serious trouble.  Incidentally, over the next few months, Iran is set to get another $55 billion or so.  We can only hope they don't spend that to fund terrorism.  And I mean that literally: with this bunch in charge, hoping is literally all we can do.
Miss Mary and her pies will definitely be missed. She was a true Arkansas treasure.
Black female Republican gun owner.  For once, maybe Obama will get it right!
The Citadel, one of America's top military institutions, steeped in 175 years of tradition, may soon offer a nod to sharia law.   In the very first exception ever made to school policy, the Citadel may allow a female cadet to wear a hijab, the Muslim headcovering.  The prestigious South Carolina school, which graduated the likes of Gen. William Westmoreland and South Carolina Sen. Ernest Hollings, is known for its rigorous culture of total obedience, so any deviance from that could be viewed as revolutionary.   One cadet has risked being called the b-word (bigot) by taking to Facebook and explaining why this step is inconsistent with the culture at the Citadel.  But his argument has nothing to do with the Muslim faith or any practice of religion.  It has to do with the execution of the system that the Citadel has in place.  Rules are rules.  Simply put, "the Citadel should be able to tell the prospective student to wear what they want her to wear."  Period, end of sentence.   Otherwise, it would be like enrolling a Quaker and then exempting him from non-pacifist activities.   For the full discussion, click here, and feel free to add your own comment!
The fat lady hasn't sung yet, but she's already rehearsing "Hillary Vs. Trump" to the tune of "Hail to the Chief. "   After seven defeats, Hillary Clinton finally got her big win over Bernie Sanders (58-42%) in New York Tuesday. Despite voter anger over some glaring snafus and polling irregularities, pundits say this restores Hillary's momentum and virtually assures her nomination.  It's amazing they can say that with a straight face, since anyone who makes a living in politics knows that the fix was in for Hillary long before the race even began.  Bernie performed a public service by making it clear to laymen just how little regard the modern Democratic Party has for its namesake, democracy.  But it's been obvious for a while now, as Bernie racked up landslide wins while Hillary was awarded the majority of delegates, that he would have had a better chance of winning if he'd been playing cards against Penn & Teller.      On the Republican side, Donald Trump's 60.2% win in his home state was even bigger than predicted.  But it was also news that John "I've Only Won My Home State" Kasich came in second with 25% and Cruz a distant third with just under 15%.  Those can be chalked up to uniquely New York circumstances, such as Cruz's "New York values" slam and Kasich winning Manhattan because the few Republicans who actually live there would be considered liberals anywhere else. Still, even though Kasich has no mathematical path to the nomination (at this writing, if NY's delegates are awarded according to the votes – always an iffy proposition -- Trump gets 89, Kasich 3 and Cruz 0, with three still undecided), this makes it harder for Cruz to tout himself as the close-second-and-closing-in viable alternative to Trump.      If the polls are remotely accurate, within a week or so, it will become impossible for Cruz to reach 1,237 delegates before the convention.  That would leave Trump as the only candidate with a chance, but he might fall short as well.  That's when things get really interesting (as in the Chinese curse, "May you live in interesting times.")  Then the convention will change from a scripted and staged infomercial to an actual political convention in the old fashioned style.  AKA, a dogfight.    On the other hand, the drama, deals and intrigue could be a ratings bonanza that makes the Democrats' predictable coronation of Hillary look like a tired rerun from the '90s on TV Land.  For the first time in years, voters could get to see how the sausage is made.  That's a bad idea if you like to eat sausage, but it might be just the thing to get millions of Americans excited and involved in politics again.
I just learned the very sad news that Mrs. Mary Thomas of De Valls Bluff, AR passed away.  I don't expect that name to ring a bell for most of you, even if you lived in Arkansas.  But if you lived in Arkansas, you probably at least heard of "The Pie Shop" in De Valls Bluff, where for years a lovely lady we all called "Miss Mary" made the best homemade and handmade pies I've ever tasted in my life.  I would go out of my way when traveling in East Arkansas to go through the little town of De Valls Bluff on US Highway 70, right across the street from one of my favorite barbecue joints, Craig's Barbecue.  I'd try to get there early before her steady stream of customers bought out all the pies.  If I wanted to make someone's day, I knew to buy some extra pies and take them back to Little Rock and give them to friends.  When friends of mine from out of state came to duck hunt, part of the ritual was driving over to Miss Mary's "Pie Shop" and introducing them to the little shack behind a modest home with a simple and crude homemade sign in black letters that simply said "Pie Shop."  First-timers to Miss Mary's would think I was playing a practical joke when we drove up.  "Are we really going to eat something made in such a place that looks like it might fall down?" they would ask.  "You better believe we are!" I would respond, and then add, because some of the most beautiful things in this life hide in places that aren't that beautiful."  I never introduced someone to Miss Mary's that didn't thank me.  Not only for the absolute best pie they had ever eaten, but for helping them to break past their perceptions of a humble, hard working, sweet lady who toiled for years in her little kitchen in a shack behind her house making pies.  I guess some people might say, "Miss Mary was an African-American lady."  Not to me.  She was just a lady that I loved seeing and talking to, and loved even more getting my fork into a bite of her coconut pie, or (if I got there early enough) one of her fresh fried peach pies.  I wrote about Miss Mary in my book "Dear Chandler, Dear Scarlett" and thought as I mourn the loss of this wonderful human treasure, I would reprint that portion of the book.  I can only hope that she taught someone what she knew about making pies.  If not, I'll have to wait until I get to heaven to get one as good as hers!  Here's the section from my book, "Dear Chandler, Dear Scarlett":  There is a wonderful lady in De Valls Bluff, Arkansas, named Miss Mary, who has a little building behind her house. it's a humble shack with not much to it except a rather crudely hand-painted sign hanging from the side of the building that simply reads, "Pie Shop." Miss Mary has been making pies for nearly fifty years, and out of her pie shop come the best homemade pies i've ever had.  i remember the first time i had her coconut pie. The meringue was so light and airy and it seemed three feet tall and the pie tasted as perfect as any pie could. But Miss Mary also makes a Southern specialty that is becoming a lost art: fried fruit pies. For the uninitiated, a fried pie is not a dessert, but a work of art. When done right, the outer shell is flaky and tastes lightly of flour, while the apple, peach, or other fruit filling is hot and gooey inside. i know this is how fried fruit pies are supposed to taste because that's how Miss Mary makes them.  Now, i wouldn't ask Miss Mary to teach me the "hermeneutics of rabbinical exegesis" as practiced in the time of King David. nor would I trust her to explain molecular biology or nuclear fission to me (if you ask me what molecular biology and nuclear fission are, I'll tell you to go ask your science teachers). But if i wanted to learn how to make the most delicious, beautiful, and near perfect pies on this planet, i'd sit down with Miss Mary around her cookstove in the little building behind her house on Highway 70 and ask her to show me how it's done. She would probably explain the art of a per- fect meringue, or the best temperature at which to cook an apple pie, or even the secret to a chocolate filling that isn't sticky. None of this knowledge saves lives, but what Miss Mary does in her little pie kitchen requires as much skill as a surgeon and as much art as a virtuoso pianist. Yes, her pies are that good!  Maybe the surgeon's work will do more good (especially for one's arteries), but i wouldn't ask him to make me a pie. (For the record, i wouldn't ask Miss Mary to take out my gall bladder, either!) the point is some people do work that requires more formal schooling or that pays more money or that gets them more accolades from the public. But the beautiful thing about knowledge is that there's enough for everyone, and we all have something to teach one another."  FROM THE BOOK, "DEAR CHANDLER, DEAR SCARLETT"  Thank you Miss Mary for years of indulgent pie pleasure!
First, Russian jets buzzed the USS Donald Cook, then on Friday, a Russian fighter jet deliberately flew with 50 feet of a US Air Force reconnaissance jet in international airspace over the Baltic Sea.  As I've already pointed out, Putin is playing the old Russian Cold War game with Obama: keep probing with a bayonet as long as you hit mush, and only retreat when you hit steel.  After seven years of Obama, our defense policy contains more mush than the Cream of Wheat factory.   But Putin isn't just tweaking Obama's nose.  He's sending a message to every nation that might consider standing up to Russia that America won't have their back, and he's faking us out in case of any actual direct confrontation.  A military expert, Col. Ralph Peters, lays out Putin's game with chilling clarity at this link:
On "Meet The Press," George Clooney said he "completely agrees" with Bernie Sanders that the amount of money in today's political campaigns is ridiculous and obscene.  He said this one day after hosting a star-studded fundraising dinner for Hillary Clinton that cost up to $353,400 a couple.  Maybe when you frequent the kind of restaurants George Clooney and his Hollywood liberal pals do, $176,700 a plate sounds like the early bird special.
I was going to link to some clips of the latest Democratic debate, but fortunately, "Saturday Night Live" summed it up just as accurately and in less time:
I wrote about this last week: a judge in Connecticut ruled that a lawsuit against the makers and sellers of the guns used in the Sandy Hook school shooting may proceed, despite both the Second Amendment and the fact that such suits are specifically barred by federal law under the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act.    Anti-gun advocates hailed the ruling as a victory because they can continue with discovery, demanding internal documents from gun makers and sellers who had no connection at all with a deranged young man who killed people with legally-purchased guns that he stole.  It's a victory for activist judges who ignore both the law and the Constitution when making rulings, and a victory for attorneys, who'll keep on collecting fees for litigating a case that should have been thrown out of court.  Let's hope the appeals court takes its job a bit more seriously before we start seeing lawsuits against GM and Ford for making cars that can kill you if some lunatic steals one and runs over you with it.
Americans got three extra days this year to kiss our money goodbye before having to send it to the IRS.  But take note, today is Tax Deadline Day (not to be confused with Tax Freedom Day - April 24th.)  That's right, you'll work to cover all of this year's taxes for another six days past the point when you finish paying last year's taxes.  Taxes are so high, we've lapped ourselves trying to stay ahead of them. If you think taxes can't possibly get worse, check out the calculator of how much less or more you'd pay under each candidate's plan and see what will happen to you if Bernie Sanders gets elected, you greedy rich person, you.
It took over seven years, but could it be that President Obama has finally issued a good executive order?  If the agencies involved actually use it to open up free market competition and innovation as he claims, then give him credit.  If they use it to impose even more regulations, that would just stifle competition and innovation.  I'm not sure anyone in this Administration has yet figured out the connection between heavy regulation, higher prices, and reduced innovation and competition.  But here's a tip to get them started: if you want to foster real competition and innovation, end crony capitalism, in which politically-connected businesses get unfair advantages at taxpayer expense.  Unless you think the $528 million we spent on Solyndra solar panels is somehow going to pay for itself in lower light bills.
Today brings yet another reminder of how important it is that the next President be someone who will appoint Supreme Court Justices who believe in obeying the Constitution rather than legislating from the bench.  Arguments are being heard today in the SCOTUS in "US v. Texas," the case challenging the constitutionality of Obama's executive order to defer the deportation of millions of illegal immigrants.  The Administration claims it's within the President's powers to interpret laws; but the plaintiffs say it's a violation of his oath to faithfully execute the laws and an attempt to usurp Congress' power to write immigration laws. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Obama.  Now, it's being heard by the Supreme Court, which without Justice Scalia is balanced 4-4 between liberals and conservatives.     While we can usually depend on the four liberals always to vote for whatever Obama wants, the four "conservatives" include wild cards like Justice Kennedy and Chief Justice Roberts, who've been known to pull bizarre rationalizations out of the air to justify ratifying same-sex marriage and Obamacare, respectively.  If the Court deadlocks 4-4, the Appeals Court ruling against Obama stands, but it can't be used as precedent and the issue could return to the SCOTUS once a replacement for Scalia is seated.     Conservatives who are threatening to stay home on Election Day (or even vote for Hillary!) if their preferred candidate doesn't get the nomination should think long and hard about just how close we are today to having a stacked Supreme Court that would ratify an unconstitutional imperial Presidency.  And before making a kneejerk ruling, the liberals on the Court might want to consider just how much power they would be handing to a White House that might not be in liberal hands much longer.
A familiar sports name has been floated as a Republican candidate for Congress.  Check out the story and weigh in below on whether you think this former NFL star should be drafted again.
A high school in Wisconsin allowed kids to eat lunch off-campus with no restrictions whatsoever.  But then they discovered that hundreds of students were meeting in a local park to share their Christian faith over lunches made by their parents.  Suddenly, some school officials decided this must cease because the food might not be compliant with school district standards for nutrition and food allergies, a rule they never imposed on any other off-site lunch location. The parents think it's obvious they're being targeted for their Christian beliefs, not their menu, and they've hired a lawyer.   Read the rest at the link, and tell me what you think below.     Personally, I suspect that if Jesus Himself provided the lunch, the school officials would try to shut it down on grounds that the fishes weren't USDA-approved and the loaves weren't gluten-free.
Ted Cruz won 14 more delegates at the Wyoming Republican convention Saturday yesterday.  This adds to the 9 he won there last month.  More details at the link:

Another example of how elections matter: Louisiana's new Democratic Gov. John Bel Edwards just issued an executive order protecting LGBT rights with exceptions for religious employers such as the Catholic Church.  But that wasn't enough.  He also rescinded former Gov. Bobby Jindal's "Marriage and Conscience" order, protecting religious business owners and nonprofits from being punished by state agencies for declining to participate in same-sex weddings.  Edwards declared, "This action will help to solidify Louisiana's current reputation as a welcoming place for business and talent."  Unless you are a business owner or talent who holds traditional religious beliefs, then prepare to be hounded into bankruptcy until you agree to violate your conscience.  For today's Democratic Party, it's not enough that LGBT rights be enacted, but First Amendment religious rights must also be abolished under the guise of redefining traditional moral standards as legally-actionable bigotry and intolerance.
Elections DO matter!  When KY elected a new Governor last year, he brought common sense and common decency with him to the office.  And with the stroke of a pen, he made sure people like Kim Davis won't be put in jail for following their Biblical convictions.
Later today I will be on at 3pm EDT on Fox News Channel. Please tune in!

Several big name rock stars have canceled shows in Southern states that aren't sufficiently pro-LGBT rights.  A number of corporations such as PayPal are also trying to use economic extortion to impose their views on entire states like North Carolina, for requiring people to use the bathroom for the gender on their birth certificate.     Funny how highly principled these liberal stars and corporations are when they're posturing in America, yet they have no moral issues with raking in loot from other nations with far worse records on gays and women.  These same brave crusaders for human rights do business with places like Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE, where women aren't even allowed to drive and being gay can get you executed.     It doesn't take much moral courage to slap people in the face who believe in turning the other cheek.  Or to launch an economic boycott in places where it won't cost you a lot of money.  Ostentatiously parading your PC bona fides only where it's easy puts you on the same level as the stars who claim they never do commercials, then we find out they were making cheesy ads all along in Japan, assuming we'd never find out about their hypocrisy.   Sadly for them, we now have the Internet.  Which not only brings us their embarrassing Japanese commercials, but also stories like this one that they would prefer we never know about:
It's shocking just how far America has fallen in respect worldwide in less than eight years.  By this point in the Obama Administration, all the other nations were supposed to love us.  Instead, our allies no longer trust us, our enemies openly taunt us, and our rivals alternately challenge and ignore us.  The latest aggressive act by Russian jets against a US Navy destroyer is a perfect example.  The repeated close buzzing was allowed to shut down a Polish helicopter training exercise.     Under previous Administrations, Russia would not have dared such a provocative act because they knew it would spark serious consequences.  These days, Vladimir Putin is smugly certain that he will face no consequences at all from tweaking Obama's nose.  Some liberals will still defend this weak, "lead-from-behind" strategy as cool, calm and mature.  They'll praise Obama's lack of a response by saying he refused to engage in confrontation and kept the peace.    But what Putin understands is that when America ignores provocations like this, it sends a chilling message to Poland, and by extension, to every other nation on Earth: when you face aggression by Russia or some other stronger power, don't count on America to stand with you.  Other nations want to be allied with the strongest horse, but Putin is demonstrating that America is a paper tiger.  He's done it in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, and now, he's doing it on the high seas.      This is nothing but a return of Russia's old Cold War tactic: Probe with your bayonet; if you hit mush, keep advancing; if you hit steel, withdraw.  So far, all Putin has encountered is a big sack of cool mush, so he just keeps advancing.  If we ever hope to restore respect for America in the world, we need a leader with some steel in his spine who understands that calmly capitulating to bullies isn't making peace, it's surrendering.
In an interview with the New York Daily News, Hillary Clinton let it slip that she might need to raise taxes a bit more than she's claimed, to pay for all the great government investments she wants to make, like paid family leave, "debt-free" college tuition and expanded infrastructure spending (i.e., more mythical "shovel-ready jobs.")  "A bit more" means at least a trillion dollars in new taxes.  And as always, "investments" means "stuff that she wants to spend other people's money on."     You know, I bet a lot of the people who actually earned that money would love to be able to "invest" it themselves, and in something other than a fat check to the IRS.  But liberals don't think they're smart enough to be allowed to do that.  So Washington will "invest" it for them.     This is a good time to remind you of humorist P.J. O'Rourke's rule that all taxes are taken at the point of a gun: if you don't pay, you go to prison; if you try to leave prison, they shoot you.  So before you let the government raise taxes, ask yourself, "Would I let someone hold a gun to my grandmother's head and take her money to pay for this?"     Hand's up, Granny, and fork over your purse!  Someone you never met needs debt-free tuition!
My upcoming media appearances:  Today at 2pm EDT—With Trish Regan on Fox Busiiness At 7pm EDT with Greta Van Susteren on Fox News Channel  Saturday at 3pm EDT on Fox News Channel  Monday 9am EDT on Varney and Company on Fox Business
There turns out to be more (or less) to the story about the Colorado Trump delegate burning his voter card in protest than was first reported.  Kudos to Mollie Hemingway at The Federalist for tracking it down and explaining the Colorado caucus system.  However, I doubt this will quell voter anger at the way things were handled.  I've been a candidate and a delegate myself, many times, so I'm aware of the arcane party rules that might baffle and frustrate the average voter.  Most of the time, you can counter a losing candidate's complaints by pointing out that the rules were long in place and everyone had to deal with them.    Still, the results have to pass the "smell test" with voters.  If they accept that it was a complicated system but everyone had a fair shot and one candidate just played the game better, they'll abide by it.  But if they sense that the rules were set up to thwart the voters, then all the patient, detailed explanations of "this is just how we do things" won't cut any ice.  It's a no-win situation, like being a business owner who tells a dissatisfied customer that he's wrong.  You might make a perfectly reasonable case, but that customer ain't coming back.
With abortion providers quite literally getting away with murder and Planned Parenthood officials appearing to have trafficked in fetal parts, one might wonder how on earth we can get this country to come around on the issue of abortion.  It takes effort on a variety of fronts, of course, but one way may prove surprisingly effective.   Maybe we sue.   We make like the anti-tobacco forces of years past, and sue for damages.  Quite a bit of scientific evidence supports this idea; one study of over a million women shows a variety of severe and lasting mental health effects from abortion.  Fathers aren't immune from damage, either.  (Needless to say, neither are the babies, but unfortunately they can't be a part of the lawsuit.)   George Upper of Conservative Tribune says he's not generally one to promote this type of legal action, but he cites reasons to make an exception:  "This could end the slaughter of millions of the unborn, improve the mental and physical health of women and men in this country, and save taxpayer dollars."  He doesn't see a downside.   What do you think?  Should we go after Big Abortion the same way liberals went after Big Tobacco?  Read the whole story and offer your opinion.
Let's all toss a big salute to a little Huck's Hero, Camden Vaughn of Dallas.  His mom is alive today thanks to his cool head and amazingly sharp brain.  Pretty impressive for anyone, but especially for a four-year-old!
So far, Donald Trump has been able to win without having a well-organized local support network in each state.  But that streak may be coming to an end, thanks to Cruz's superior ground game and his knowledge of and ability to navigate arcane party rules to rack up delegates, as we've seen in Colorado, Louisiana, Indiana, and as this story details, Missouri.     A lot of Trump supporters and even non-Trump-backing grassroots voters are crying foul over Cruz's ability to gain delegates without the support of voters.  The counter-argument is that this system was already in place, and Trump should've learned to work within it better.  I can personally attest that it's nothing new.  For instance, in 2008, I won the Louisiana primary.  But since no candidate got over 50 percent, John McCain took most of the delegates, as arranged at the early caucuses, long before anyone actually voted.     This kind of delegate shuffling has long been common, but I think what suddenly has people angry is that this time, it's different.In previous years, the party shuffled delegates to the likely winner, to help shorten the bruising primaries and strengthen the frontrunner.  This year, they're taking delegates away from the frontrunner to try to undermine the guy who's getting the most votes.  You can argue all day long that it's perfectly "legal" under the party rules, and you may be right.  But to the average voter, it still smells like an outhouse full of three-day-old fish.
If you want the perfect illustration of why Europe is doomed if its people don't undergo a swift and serious attitude adjustment, look no further than this incredible story.
No wonder President Obama seldom grants interviews to Fox News.  They ask real questions!  And his self-contradictory responses to Chris Wallace about the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton's unsecure email server have sparked an uproar across the political spectrum.   Click the link for the quotes and details.    Obama alternately assured us that Hillary didn't endanger US security and that the FBI investigation is completely independent and free of political influence.  But if he's not meddling in the investigation, how does he know what the FBI has found and that it's not incriminating?  One could also argue that since he ultimately will determine whether his DOJ files charges, simply by publicly endorsing her innocence, he sent a signal to the FBI that could be construed as political influence.    Most outrageously, Obama dismissed the seriousness of the thousands of classified emails (22 of them ranked "top secret") transmitted over her private server.   He said, "There's stuff that is really 'top-secret' top-secret," and "top secret" papers that aren't so much, just as "there's classified and then there's 'classified.'"  He conveniently ignores the fact that under the law, government officials aren't allowed to decide which documents are "classified" or "top secret" enough to protect and which ones they can ignore security protocols for.  In response to Obama's nonchalant view of handling classified information, fugitive NSA secret-spiller Edward Snowden sarcastically tweeted, "If only I had known."      It doesn't help Hillary that a military prosecution was just made public in which Taiwanese-born US Naval Lt. Cmdr. Edward C. Lin is charged with espionage for passing classified documents to another nation, likely China or Taiwan.  The charges were heavily redacted (Hooray, SOMEBODY still cares about not revealing state secrets!), so details are vague.  Under military law, an espionage conviction can bring the death penalty, although that hasn't been carried out in decades.  Nobody is seriously comparing Mrs. Clinton's infractions with someone who allegedly committed deliberate espionage.  But it can't be good PR for voters to read this incredibly familiar-sounding part of the charges against Lin:     "The charge sheets say the officer wrongfully transported classified material, failed to properly store classified material and failed to report the compromise of information classified as secret."   Too bad Lin isn't a natural-born US citizen because, apparently, the only way to do that and not be charged at all is to run for President.
With all the news and interest in tax day, your kids or grandkids may be asking a lot of challenging questions. That's probably because they're not learning about money in school. But lucky for you, my education company created a film called "Money Doesn't Grow on Trees". It teaches kids about money using fun animation. You can get it for FREE at www.freemoneybrightvideo.com/taxweek But please don't wait. There are only a limited number of FREE copies available. My team created Money Doesn't Grow On Trees because not enough of our kids' schools are teaching the money management skills our children will need to be financially successful in the future. MoneyBright Kids is giving it away for FREE because all kids deserve to learn how to manage money while they're young! If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 s&p. And if you order now, you'll be set up to receive other great films from MoneyBright Kids as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Each film features important money management concepts like charity, earning, saving, how to spend wisely, and investing. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, fun and informative lessons that your children or grandchildren will take away. MoneyBright Kids always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk. Whether you choose to place an order or not, please do what you can to make sure that your kids or grandkids are learning the important money skills they will need for their whole lives.
With all the news and interest in tax day, your kids or grandkids may be asking a lot of challenging questions.  That's probably because they're not learning about money in school.  But lucky for you, my education company created a film called "Money Doesn't Grow on Trees". It teaches kids about money using fun animation. You can get it for FREE at www.freemoneybrightvideo.com/taxweek  But please don't wait. There are only a limited number of FREE copies available.  My team created Money Doesn't Grow On Trees because not enough of our kids' schools are teaching the money management skills our children will need to be financially successful in the future. MoneyBright Kids is giving it away for FREE because all kids deserve to learn how to manage money while they're young! If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 s&p.  And if you order now, you'll be set up to receive other great films from MoneyBright Kids as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Each film features important money management concepts like charity, earning, saving, how to spend wisely, and investing. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, fun and informative lessons that your children or grandchildren will take away. MoneyBright Kids always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk.  Whether you choose to place an order or not, please do what you can to make sure that your kids or grandkids are learning the important money skills they will need for their whole lives.
Left-Wing Chickens Come Home To Roost On Campus
I make no secret about the fact that I feel strongly about Israel and also about the importance of America's support for Israel's strength as a state. I want everyone to find this same passion I have for Israel, so this September, I will be traveling to Israel again, and I am inviting you to join me for the Israel Experience 2016.   This trip is an incredible opportunity to see Israel in a way you never imagined possible. To learn more about this trip I encourage you to visit my website at:   www.thegreatesttrip.com
Here's your feel-good story of the day.  A young couple torn apart by war, but now, at last, they're finally back together and as much in love as ever.  Incidentally, the war that separated them was World War II, 70 years ago.
Want a ballpark estimate of how much more or less you'd pay under each Presidential candidate's tax plan?  Try this easy online calculator.  But brace yourself for the shellacking you'll take under Bernie Sanders.  This is when all those starry-eyed young socialists who love the idea of soaking the rich suddenly discover that they are "the rich":

"Saturday Night Live's" writers and cast are undoubtedly liberals, but sometimes, targets for satire are just too ripe to ignore, even if it gores your own side.  Watch Kate McKinnon's hilarious impersonation of Hillary in this week's "SNL" cold open, as she desperately panders to New Yorkers while trying to suppress a meltdown over Bernie Sanders.
While the Obama Administration continues to act as if prioritizing Christian refugees would be outrageous and anti-American, the war on Christianity continues worldwide.  At least China's government isn't committing genocide against Christians, as is happening in the Middle East.  But they are trying to bully believers into silence and usurp churches for their own purposes.  The latest effort involves forcibly removing crosses from churches, to try to kill Christianity's influence by erasing all symbols of Christianity from public view.  Wonder  if they got the idea from the ACLU?
My media schedule for today!  Please tune in if you can!  7am, EDT, 6am CDT Fox Business with Maria Bartaromo;  5pmEDT; 4pm CDT Fox Business;  9pm EDT; 8pm CDT—The Kelly File with Megyn Kelly
Take a closer look at the effects of expanded immigration...
North Korea claims that it now has missiles that can deliver a nuclear warhead to the US mainland.  Many foreign policy experts believe that's just propaganda, and they're not really capable of that.  Then again, we were told back in the '90s by foreign policy experts that it was safe to allow North Korea to build centrifuges for peaceful energy generation because UN inspectors would make sure they never weaponized their program to build nuclear warheads.  Same thing we're hearing  now about Iran.  So to sum up: our chief defense against aggressive rogue nations building and using nuclear weapons is the hope that they always remain as incompetent as our own foreign policy experts.
Friends, you're not going to believe this.  I've come across an appalling statistic that shows how few children can pass our citizenship test. But I'm doing something about it, and it starts with making it fun for kids to learn about our history and our government.  To see the statistic and to help your kids or grandkids avoid becoming part of this problem, just visit historynewsonline.com/citizenshiptest
It's always dangerous to start a self-aggrandizing hashtag campaign on the Internet.  A Hillary Clinton supporter tried to mock Bernie Sanders' thin resume by launching the hashtag #HillarySoQualified.  It went viral, but not the way she'd hoped.  Check out some of the hilarious responses about what Hillary is qualified for:
The Sunday Boston Globe is a special edition featuring an anti-Trump editorial illustrated with a fake newspaper front page, detailing the horrors that would be befall us if he were elected.  The editors stressed that this was an insert, it wasn't actually the Globe's front page.  If the Boston Globe's front page were covered with fake news designed to make readers think that electing a Republican will bring on Armageddon, that would hardly be a "special edition," would it?
Election update:  This is an odd year for the Colorado GOP: to save money, they're skipping a primary or caucuses and just assigning delegates at the state convention.  So on Saturday, Ted Cruz finished locking up all 34 of Colorado's delegates, who have pledged to support Cruz on the first ballot at the national convention.  But if nobody gets a majority and it goes to a second ballot, those delegates can vote for whomever they wish.    Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders just won his seventh out of the last eight states, beating Hillary Clinton by nearly 56 to 44 percent in Wyoming.  Of course, this is the Democratic system, so that means they each get seven delegates.  Hey, just because one of them accomplished far more doesn't mean he should enjoy greater rewards than the one who came in a distant second!  That wouldn't be FAIR!   For Bernie, trying to catch up to Hillary in delegates is like playing poker when the casino is dealing your cards face up from a stacked deck.  Unless Bernie wins every remaining primary, he will likely never beat Hillary. But her repeated, often humiliating, losses to him keep hammering home just how unhappy grassroots Democrats are with the party's anointed candidate.  She's hoping for blowout wins in New York and California, but just in the past week, her RCP poll average lead in New York has shrunk from 34.5 to 11 points.  A year ago, she was favored over Bernie in California by 60 points; as of today, that's shrunk to 7.     While Democrats might chortle at how easy it will be the beat the Republican (same thing the Carter campaign thought about Ronald Reagan, BTW), there's something I've been saying this for years that Democrats ignore at their peril:  Never underestimate the power of A-B-H: the "Anybody But Hillary" vote.
"Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" star Kevin Sorbo has kept very busy recently, making movies aimed at the tens of millions of conservative Christians that Hollywood routinely insults and ignores.  He has some interesting things to say in this article about what it's like being a known conservative Christian in liberal Hollywood.  In a nutshell: Hollywood apparently thinks movie industry blacklists are evil only when they're blacklists of communists in the 1950s.
A federal judge has sided with the ACLU and ruled that it was unconstitutional for Los Angeles County supervisors to put a Christian cross on the county seal because that's a government endorsement of a religion.    Some background: the seal features depictions of local landmarks, including the San Gabriel Mission, a historic landmark built in 1777.  It actually has a cross on it.  The cross was removed during earthquake-proofing, and during that time, it was removed from the city seal, too.  After the cross was returned to the Mission, the supervisors voted to put it back on the seal.  Because, well…it's s actually ON the building the seal depicts.  But somehow, depicting a historic mission accurately now oppresses non-Christians.     The ACLU celebrated the ruling as a victory for diversity and the First Amendment (if not history or architectural accuracy).  But does anyone want to lay odds on how long it will be before they get offended again and file another lawsuit, demanding that the seal not include a Catholic mission at all, no matter how historically important it may be?  What's next, whitewashing over all religious figures in paintings in L.A. art museums?  And they'll need to hold a contest to find a new name for Los Angeles, since its current name is Spanish for "City of The Angels."  I'm going to stop before I give the ACLU any more dumb, money-wasting ideas for nuisance lawsuits.  They obviously have enough of their own already.     http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-la-county-seal-cross-20160407-story.html
Today's feel-good (eventually) story involves a patriotic veteran, his American flag, an overbearing apartment management company that threatened him with eviction if he didn't take down his flag, and then…a surprise twist.
The Obama Administration plans to withdraw about 700 US troops from the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt due to the growing threat from ISIS.  But don't you dare call this a "retreat!"  They are adamant that this withdrawal "would not signal a US military retreat in the face of an ISIS threat."    Okay, then read this story, then tell me what you'd call it.  Since the 1978 Camp David Accords bar our troops there from attacking militants, making them sitting ducks, maybe we should just say they're "flying north for the summer."   Or Obama could borrow the title of an old Glenn Ford comedy:  "Advance To The Rear."  I do know that it's certainly not "Winning!," except maybe in the Charlie Sheen sense of describing a humiliating public disaster as "winning."
With April 15th looming, I'm sure many of you are working feverishly on your income taxes.  Here's some news to put you into an even fouler mood: the Tax Foundation just announced that this year, Tax Freedom Day won't arrive until April 24.     That means the average American will have to work 114 days just for the government, with 100% of your income going to pay all your federal, state and local taxes.  You don't get to keep a penny of your own earnings until April 24th.  So even after you send in your 2015 tax forms, you'll still have to work another 9 days just to pay all the taxes you'll owe for 2016.     The report also found that Americans pay more for taxes than for food, clothing and housing combined.     So if you ever wonder why you can never seem to get ahead financially, the mystery is solved.
Rudy Giuliani just made his presidential endorsement.  This could be a big boost in New York, particularly among New Yorkers who are living under Mayor DeBlasio's leftist "leadership" and missing Giuliani more than Chicagoans miss Michael Jordan and Mike Ditka combined.  Rudy's endorsement isn't surprising, but it's still news because this makes it official.
When you hear candidates talk about "fraud, waste and abuse" in government programs like Social Security, you might not realize just how widespread it is.  This story details one of the biggest SS disability fraud scams in history, allegedly involving a Kentucky attorney, a board-certified psychologist and even a federal judge.  They are facing possible life sentences on charges of conspiring to bilk the SSA out of over $600 million in fraudulent disability payments, and actually collecting over $10 million.     Former Senator and budget watchdog Tom Coburn credited the exposure of the scam to government and lawyer employers who had the courage to blow the whistle.  He says this is the type of corruption that takes place when the people who are supposed to be safeguarding our tax money aren't paying attention.    In a related story, did you hear that hidden deep inside the Obama Administration's argument to a judge to approve his executive order to legalize over 4 million illegal immigrants was a claim that this means they would be eligible for Social Security retirement and disability benefits and Medicare?  But don't worry, I'm sure there's no potential for fraud in that.  a
Prayers today for the family of North Texas firefighter Captain Peter Hacking, who was killed along with his four-year-old stepdaughter and 22-month-old son when a van veered into their lane and hit their car head-on.  If the van driver recovers, he'll be charged with criminally negligent homicide.  Let's hope that's also enough to get him deported for good, since he's an illegal immigrant who was already deported in 2008, but came right back across the border.     Normally, I'd link to a news site for more, but I'd rather that you read it here.  It's the GoFundMe page set up to help Captain Hacking's widow and his surviving son and four step-children:
Here's why it's important to look at the assignments that your children are given in school.  In cases like this, it might make parents seriously consider the privilege of home-schooling their child.
The Internet is a miraculous invention: it can disseminate craziness worldwide at the speed of light.  One recent bit of online hysteria was sparked by the triangular pins seen on the lapels of various people at Donald Trump rallies.  Were they Illuminati badges?  Starfleet communicators?  Something even weirder, scarier and more conspiratorial? Well, the mystery is solved.  Click on the link and be enlightened…

I've written a lot of words about Obama's refusal to enforce immigration and deportation laws, but this story boils it down to one question:  Just how many people does an illegal immigrant have to kill before he actually gets detained or deported?

Very sad to hear of the death of country music legend Merle Haggard yesterday on his 79th birthday.  He personified the phrase, "They don't make 'em like that anymore."  Haggard once told the Boston Globe, "I'll tell you what the public likes more than anything. It's the most rare commodity in the world — honesty."  That unvarnished honesty shone forth in the many classic songs he wrote and recorded: "Okie From Muskogee," "Mama Tried," "Workin' Man's Blues," "If We Make It Through December," "Big City," "Sing Me Back Home" and too many more to list.  If you ever want to know what makes a great country singer, just listen to his duet with Willie Nelson on "Poncho and Lefty."  When Hag sings the phrase, "The desert's quiet…Cleveland's cold…," that shiver up the back of your neck comes from feeling just how cold Cleveland is.  http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2016/04/06/merle-haggard-dead-on-his-7th-birthday/
This must-see video of former Gainesville, Florida, city commissioner and liberal activist Cara Jennings has gone viral.  How did civil discourse degenerate to the level that anyone would find this kind of behavior anything other than obnoxious?  Gov. Rick Scott entered a Starbucks, and Jennings started screaming and cursing him for not going along with the ruinously expensive Obamacare Medicaid expansion, which 18 other states also refused to adopt.  Instead of taking advantage of this opportunity to make a persuasive case to the governor, she made a public spectacle of herself, ironically calling him an embarrassment to the state.     While some are lauding her "in-your-face" protest, most just gave her a face-palm for being rude and counterproductive.  Greg Gutfeld blasted her for demanding more free stuff from the government while using an expensive laptop and drinking a $7 coffee.  Judging from her actions, she might want to drink a little less coffee.  If I could make a polite suggestion to her, it would be to use that laptop to visit Amazon, where for only $1.99, you can get the Kindle edition of Dale Carnegie's "How To Win Friends And Influence People."  Hint: it doesn't involve screaming and cursing at them in public.


They just have to start thinking critically and stop supporting liberalism on reflex.
They say that even a broken clock is right twice a day.  That's a better average than far-left cartoonist/columist Ted Rall usually hits, but I have to give him credit on this one.  Rall's latest column complains that elitist news media organs completely missed the rising working class anger that's fueling the Trump and Sanders campaigns because they're out of touch with struggling working Americans (I tried to tell them about that in 2008 and got an even colder response).  Rall says these newsrooms are filled writers who display superficial diversity, such as race and gender, but they all attended the same schools and think the same way.  He also asks why New York Times writers who admitted they are out-of-touch elitists who got the story wrong still have jobs.  Of course, this is his argument for hiring more Bernie Sanders supporters, but it's an even better argument for hiring more – or even any – conservative writers.    See?  If I can actually agree with Ted Rall on something, then liberals can open their minds and listen to the other side.  They might find they have more in common with all us "flyover Americans" than they think.
John Hinckley Jr., the man who nearly assassinated President Reagan, destroyed Jim Brady's life and shot two other people, may soon be walking around free.  He already enjoys 17-day sabbaticals eight times a year at his mother's home in an upscale gated community nearly Colonial Williamsburg (I wonder if they polled the residents to ask which side of the gate they'd like mental patients/would-be assassins to be on?)  Despite strong opposition by federal prosecutors, a judge is now considering a request to let him out permanently.     We've suffered a lot of deteriorating standards since the days of Reagan, but the erosion of the rule of law to the point that his would-be assassin might become the first person in history to shoot a US President and be allowed back on the streets has to stand as the most glaring example.
I join music fans across the globe in mourning the death of a true American original, Merle Haggard.  He spoke for those who knew life at the bottom and not just the top.  His music was raw, earthy, and real.  Thanks, Merle.  You will be missed.
Your eyes might pop at a new report on the cost of the Obama family vacations.  Personally, I try not to slam Presidents for their travel costs.  It's a tough job, and everyone who holds it deserves some vacation time.  We also want Presidents to get out of Washington occasionally and out among the governed.  And in the case of Presidents like the current one, the less time spent on the job, the better.  Plus, it's not the First Family's fault that they have to travel with a lot of security and staff and stay in high-end locations, which runs up costs.  So I don't begrudge Obama any of that.    But it is a bit much to bill the taxpayers $74,264 for hotel bills to attend a Democratic fundraiser.  Or to lecture the rest of us on reducing our carbon footprints while you and the wife are flying to the same location in two his-and-hers jets, a Boeing 747 and 757.     Read the itemized bills and weep, taxpayers…  http://hucka.be/XLfUhG

The accusation has been floating around for a long time that Obama and other Progressives want to flood America with immigrants because they are reliable Democratic voters and will change the nation's demographics to cement liberal power for generations.  Some dismiss that as paranoid conspiracy theories, but a new report found that the Administration has been quietly funding an effort to convert up to a million green card holders into citizens before the November election so they can vote against Trump.  It's hard to dismiss something as a paranoid fantasy when it's a government initiative with an actual name and a grant budget, the funding provided by all of us, of course.  Here are the details.
According to sources close to President Obama, his lackluster responses to terror attacks stem from his belief that the threat is exaggerated.  He seems to think that if it's not an "existential threat" – that is, if terrorists aren't capable of completely destroying America – then we can "absorb" a few attacks here and there.  That's a lot easier to think when you and your family are surrounded by armed guards 24/7.    But ISIS isn't the only vicious thing threatening America. There's also the vicious circle that's created when you have an enemy threat on one side, and on the other, a leader who's more determined to downplay the threat than to stop it.  The more the leader ignores the threat and refuses to call it by its right name, the more emboldened those making the threat become.  For instance, Obama continues to ignore multiple polls showing that most Americans oppose letting in thousands of Syrian refugees, considering the attacks in Europe that grew out of radicalization efforts among Muslim migrants.  If he thinks that won't happen here, then he needs to read a recent George Washington University study that found ISIS is already engaged in an unprecedented recruitment effort on American soil, especially through social media.    Just up through last fall, authorities had identified about 300 American and/or U.S.-based ISIS sympathizers on social media and 250 who had traveled or tried to travel to Syria or Iraq to join ISIS.  There were also 900 active investigations of ISIS sympathizers spread across all 50 states.  For an interactive map that shows which states harbored the most ISIS sympathizers, check out the link.  You might be surprised.
Even though Bernie Sanders' chances of winning the Democratic nomination are growing dimmer and dimmer (despite his recent blowout wins, the Dems' super delegate system was rigged from the outset for Hillary Clinton), he just keeps raking in cash.  Thanks to his millions of young, Internet-addicted (some might say "naïve") true believers, the Sanders' campaign took in $44 million online in March.  That's half a million more than in February.  It's also a new fundraising record.  If he can keep it up, he'll set another precedent as the first socialist who never ran out of other people's money.
This is the feel-good story of the day.  In Minnesota, a homeless man who couldn't get a job because of his criminal record asked a restaurant owner for money.  She told him you have to work for money and offered him a job washing dishes.  He wasn't insulted or angry, he was thrilled.  He's still working for her, and has regained enough self-esteem through hard, honest work that you won't believe what he insisted on doing once he got paid.  It's yet more proof that offering someone a hand-up is far more compassionate than offering a handout.


One of the most controversial and highly-criticized of Donald Trump's proposals is his call for a temporary ban on all Muslim immigrants "until we figure out what's going on" with terrorism in the name of Islam.  Liberal politicians and media figures called it offensive and un-American, and even Republicans distanced themselves from it.    But a surprising new poll by the Hill shows that 50% of Americans agree with temporarily halting Muslim immigration to the US, and that's not just the half on the right.  Trump's proposal is backed not only by 71% of Republican voters, but by 49% of Independents and even 34% of likely Democratic voters.  And prepare to have your mind blown: 27% of Bernie Sanders supporters support a temporary ban on Muslim immigration.  There are other stunning surprises in the poll that suggest this issue isn't as one-dimensional as it's presented in the media. Read it for yourself, then put in your two cents below:
The new movie "God's Not Dead 2" is in theaters, and its star, Melissa Joan Hart, is taking flak from her tolerant Hollywood peers for defending Americans' right to religious freedom.  She said she believes separation of church and state has been taken "far beyond the freedoms this country was founded on," and that a lot of Christians are now being "persecuted for their faith."  But the Hollywood left sneers that that's just "fake persecution."     It's interesting that a group of people who are so sensitive to any slight that they invent terms like "white privilege" and "micro-aggressions" to feel guilty about discrimination that they never even realized existed, have the hubris to tell religious groups that they're not really being persecuted so just shut up.  Can you imagine them saying that to any other group that complained of discrimination?  Perhaps they should stop pointing out the speck of sawdust in other people's eyes and notice the plank in their own (I believe that's a quote from the one book they insist on banning from schools).    To Hollywood liberals, devout Christians in Middle America are one of the last groups that it's okay to stereotype and belittle.  Yet they wonder why movie box office continues to shrink (Variety recently reported that last year, just five films accounted for 25% of total movie revenues).  Funny, films like "Risen" and "Miracles From Heaven" seem to be doing pretty well.  Say, maybe we've stumbled across the key to saving Hollywood: make movies that don't insult the audience's intelligence!     Personally, I question the intelligence of anyone who mocks God while living in on top of a major earthquake fault line.
This is a new Hillary Clinton ad running in New York.  It implies that Donald Trump is not a real New Yorker with real New York values, like Hillary.  Trump has been called a lot of things, but "non-New Yorker" isn't one.  He was born in Queens, attended Fordham U. in NYC and lives in Manhattan's Trump Tower.  You can't throw a cannoli in New York without hitting something with his name on it.  He doesn't just live in New York, he's marked his territory.    By contrast, the ad might remind New Yorkers that Hillary (born in Illinois, First Lady of Arkansas and DC) announced her candidacy for New York Senator the year before she even moved there.  She arrived in New York with "Hillary For Senate" stickers all over her carpet bag.     Since the NY primary election is in April, the Weekly Standard thinks this ad could also be a poke at Bernie Sanders, positioning Hillary as the real New Yorker, as opposed to the Senator from Vermont.  But as they note, Bernie's also far more of a New Yorker than she is.  Bernie's such a born-and-bred Brooklynite, Larry David plays him on "SNL" without even changing his accent.  I'd suggest that if Hillary wants New Yorkers to vote for her, she shouldn't pretend to be something she's not, like when she drops her g's in the South.  Instead, harken back to her successful Senate run: promise New Yorkers that if elected, she'll immediately move back to Washington.
"There is no SHAZAM!"  It was the statement our pastor made yesterday in his message when he was brilliantly explaining the difference between the EVENT of our salvation and the PROCESS of it after that.  In tying it to marriage, or relationships, or any other challenge we face, he said "there is no SHAZAM" meaning that following Christ is not a simple whiz-bang moment in which we are instantly turned into a perfect human being never to struggle or stumble again.  We spend the rest of our lives learning the discipline of faith, and building the habits that get us closer to the ideal, but the ideal doesn't come upon us like a thunderbolt.    I was reminded that we all want shortcuts—even in our faith.  But there aren't any.  One step at a time; one foot in front of the other; one rung on the ladder at a time.    There are a lot of reasons to be faithfully connected to a Bible centered church, but one of the best reasons is to be reminded of the important truths that we can live by.  I hope you have a great day today—even if there is no "SHAZAM!"
Video to make your eyes roll: a Harvard student who dares to defend free speech describes to Fox News' Megyn Kelly some of the grievances she's heard from wounded fellow students and even Harvard employees defending their "safe spaces." One felt assaulted by hearing a Bible verse, while another was offended by an American flag in another student's dorm room.  If any of these snowflakes are attending Harvard Law, they'd better drop out now before they discover there are both Bibles and flags in every courtroom and have a complete meltdown.

Hillary Clinton got some negative press for "blowing a gasket" when a Bernie Sanders supporter got in her face about accepting donations from fossil fuel companies.  Hillary denied taking fossil fuel company money (only money from individuals who work for fossil fuel companies) and snapped that she is "so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me."    This is one of those videos that take less time to watch than it takes to untangle all the misleading political-speak.  In a nutshell:  (1.) The Clinton Foundation has received millions of dollars directly from Exxon, Chevron and other fossil fuel companies.  Yes, you can argue that those weren't direct contributions to making Hillary President, but who are we kidding?  (2.) The most effective way to skirt federal limits on campaign donations is for many individuals who work at the same company to give the maximum amount to a candidate.  For instance, Goldman Sachs didn't give Hillary's campaign $811,031.  But their individual employees all put together did.  To be fair, there are no fossil fuel companies among her very top donors.  It's mostly Wall Street banks, giant law firms and media companies, like Time Warner, if that makes you feel any better.  (3.) To be really fair, I'd like to ask the fossil fuel-hating Bernie Sanders supporter how she got to that event.  Did she walk or bicycle?  Or take an evil, fossil fuel-burning automobile?  Is there no heating in her home?  Was it built and powered entirely by solar energy?  Does she use anything made of plastics or polyester?  And is she aware that much of the R&D into green energy is being done by fossil fuel companies?     Issues are more complicated than they seem when you get all your political beliefs off of bumper stickers on '69 VW vans.  Which, by the way, run on gasoline.  And burn a LOT of oil.  Those things blow a gasket more often than Hillary does.
You have to admire President Obama's resolve.  Once he makes up his mind to do something, he lets nothing stand in his way: not political opposition, public disapproval, new information, Constitutional limits on his powers, or even basic common sense.  For instance: once upon a time, he could make a case for shutting down the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay.  He argued that it was a potent tool for terrorist recruitment, and that we could keep tabs on released detainees to make sure they didn't pose any further threat.  But now, everyone else knows better.  Two separate studies found that Gitmo is barely mentioned in terrorist propaganda organs, and it's estimated that up to 30% of former detainees have returned to violent jihadist activities, usually at a high level.  Even Obama's own Defense Department recently admitted that Americans have died at the hands of released Gitmo detainees.     Any yet, despite that, Obama is still determined to vacate Gitmo before he vacates the White House.  The Pentagon just announced plans to release another dozen detainees to two separate, undisclosed countries, at least one of which is reportedly in Africa.  These 12 are among 37 already cleared for release.  They say it's part of closing Gitmo "responsibly." That's rich.  How do you turns dozens of the world's worst terrorists loose "responsibly"?     For exit music as they leave Gitmo, I'd suggest playing the old song, "We'll Meet Again."  Because there's at least a 30% chance that we will.
With this campaign season getting ever crazier, the media keep asking, "Where's the adult in the room?"  If one picture is worth a thousand words, then President Obama proved with the group photo of world leaders at the nuclear summit in DC that acting like an adult is not a requirement for the office.
The Obama White House is under fire for posting a video of French President Francois Hollande's comments about Syria and Iraq with the words "Islamist terrorism" edited out.  The White House denied that it was intentional, blamed a "technical issue" with the audio, and posted the unedited version as well.     I think we should give the White House the benefit of the doubt.  After all, why would anyone believe that the President of a nation where innocent citizens were recently murdered in the streets by Islamist terrorists would be more concerned about political correctness than about honestly identifying the threat to his own people?   (FYI, I'm referring to the President of France.)
My latest...
One of the dumbest ideas out of Washington in a long time (and that's really saying something)...http://hucka.be/oDmh9S
One of the most famous lines associated with President Obama is that all his promises come with an expiration date.  I guess we can now safely assume that his promise that Bashar al-Assad would be removed from power in Syria has expired, just about the time that Assad and Vladimir Putin's Russian troops liberated Palmyra from ISIS last weekend while Obama was doing his last tango in Argentina.  Even Obama's State Department now seems reconciled to the idea that Assad (and apparently, Putin, as well) are in power in the Middle East to stay.
A story is going around that the FBI plans to interview Hillary Clinton as part of the investigation into her unsecured private email server.  That's not exactly accurate.  The L.A. Times claims the FBI is setting up interviews with her closest aides.  Once that's done, and they've aligned the answers with the other evidence and testimony, then they might interview Hillary. Reaching that point could take weeks.    But if it does go that far, you can bet the FBI will have built the kind of solid case that can't just be brushed off by shouting, "What difference does it make?!"  This could make a very big difference to the coming Presidential election.  Here are more details; tell me below what you predict the outcome will be.
Very sorry to hear of the death of actress Patty Duke at 69.  She showed incredible talent at such a young age.  As Helen Keller in "The Miracle Worker," she became the youngest Broadway actor ever to be billed over the play's title.  The 1962 movie version made her the then-youngest Oscar winner at 16.  She starred in her own sitcom, had hit records, was nominated for eight Emmy Awards and won three.  Sadly, like many child actors, she suffered from a bad family background and intense show business pressures.  Even while she was racking up awards, she was struggling with alcohol, pills, anorexia and depression, and was finally diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  But she overcame her problems, spoke and wrote frankly about them, and became a tireless advocate and fundraiser for mental health causes.  Whether she was playing Helen Keller or triumphing over her own demons, Patty Duke showed the world that miracles are possible.  Rest in peace.
Despite being crushed in five out of the last six primaries, Hillary Clinton still refuses to debate Bernie Sanders again.  Her spokesman claims she doesn't like his "tone," which sounds like something Margaret Dumont would say to Groucho Marx.  Meanwhile, Mediaite notes that it's been 116 days since Hillary held a press conference, enough time to play the entire NCAA basketball tournament, from 68 teams down to 1, nearly six times.  Why is Hillary so averse to facing the public and answering direct questions?  Oh, wait, I think we all know the answer to that.
Please go see "God's Not Dead 2" when it opens today in theaters across the country!  It's a powerful movie that could be ripped from the front pages of today's papers and is a wake up call to believers.  It challenges us to ask if we are willing to take a stand—even if it means suffering for it.  And there's another IMPORTANT reason to see "God's Not Dead 2" this weekend—I'm in it!  I actually do have a cameo role in the film and it was a great thrill to be associated with the important message.  It's got a great cast, including Melissa Joan Hart, Robin Givens and Jesse Metcalf, a riveting script, and as good as the original "God's Not Dead" is, I actually think this is one of the rare occasions where the sequel is even better than the original.  God's Not Dead 2 is not a continuation of the first film, but an entirely new plot and was mostly filmed in Little Rock around my old work-place, the Arkansas State Capitol.  Filling theaters is important for opening weekend to show Hollywood that America wants and will support wholesome and inspirational films.  I promise you—you will love this movie!
There are a couple of twists in the story of Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, accused of misdemeanor battery for allegedly grabbing the wrist of former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields.  He was not arrested as some outlets initially reported, but voluntarily signed a "notice to appear," a misdemeanor summons.  And an anonymous Secret Service agent on Trump's detail claims that what Fields did could have easily resulted in a much harsher response.  This story has the latest:
There are many vitally important issues, and the person we choose to deal with them may determine whether America remains the free, great and exceptional nation that it has been for over two centuries or falls into decline as just another debt-ridden, failed socialist-lite state.  Yet are we focusing on those life-or-death issues?  No.  On the Republican side, the media are fixated on feuds over candidates' wives and sordid tabloid rumors.  On the Democratic side, it's a choice between an admitted socialist with zero executive experience and the ultimate insider, distrusted by Americans, with possible federal indictments hanging over her head.      One of these people will choose the deciding vote on a divided Supreme Court.  How important is that?  Well, the death of Justice Scalia is already undermining your Constitutional rights.  This week, the Court deadlocked 4-4 on a case in which California public school teachers sued to stop being forced to pay dues to a union whose political views they oppose.  That appears to be a blatant violation of the teachers' First Amendment rights.  Yet the courts in California ruled against them.  So did the four liberal Supreme Court Justices, who can almost always be counted on to support whatever liberals want over individual rights.  Because Scalia wasn't there to break the tie, the state ruling stands. California teachers will continue to have their paychecks raided by people whose views they oppose.  At least, until the case can be reconsidered by the full Court.    Now imagine Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders appointing the next Justice.  You'll see 5-4 decisions like that rolling out as regular as clockwork, eroding your rights to free speech, freedom of religion, gun rights and more.  If that doesn't frighten Americans into taking the presidential race seriously, nothing will.
The power of the Internet:  When an Oklahoma man's grandkids failed to show up to have burgers with him, the story went viral, and over 3,000 people got together to let "papaw" know he wasn't alone.  This is a terrific story that reminds us to take a break from our busy schedules and spend a little time with our elderly relatives. They not only need our love and company, but they're a precious resource we should cherish and learn from while we can.
The Supreme Court banned prayer in public schools in 1963, and it's been a point of heated opposition for decades.  Finally, in 2016, the St. Cloud, Minnesota, school board is standing up for the rights of religious students.  But only certain students.  Due to the heavy influx of Muslim immigrants, St. Cloud middle and high schools are now accommodating their beliefs by offering private rooms with prayer mats in which Muslim students can pray five times a day.  They're also providing school uniforms with headscarves and pork-free cafeteria options.  Let's be clear: I have no objection at all to letting these kids express their religious beliefs. But if school officials can make accommodations for Muslim students, why do they go ballistic if Christian or Jewish kids pray or bring a holy book to class to read on their own time?  I'm also very curious to see if the liberal atheists who are so quick to file lawsuits and throw hissy fits will demand that Muslim immigrants' beliefs also be stifled?  And if not, why not?
If you listen to the media, you'd think that the Republican Party is in meltdown mode.  Worst-case scenario: that Donald Trump not only wins the nomination and loses to Hillary, but that he'll attract more blue-collar Democrats to the polls than conservatives, so the GOP would also lose Congress and a number of state offices to the Democrats.  Never mind the Republican Party surviving, would America survive?    But while it gets far less press, there's also quiet panic on the left.  Hillary Clinton has a negative rating second only to Trump.  She has potential federal indictments hanging over her head, she's carrying more baggage than a jetliner to Hawaii, and more dirty laundry than a jetliner back home from Hawaii.  She's also lost five of the last six primaries and caucuses to Bernie Sanders by humiliating margins of up to four to one.    If Trump wins the most delegates and is denied the nomination, that could cause chaos for the GOP.  But if Bernie has more support and is denied the nomination because of the Democrats' super delegate deck-stacking, all those Bernie supporters might stay home smoking pot on Election Day. Don't believe me?  There's already a movement called "Bernie Or Bust" that's pledging never to vote for Hillary.  Instead, they'll write in Bernie or vote for the Green Party candidate to protest what they see as a rigged system.  And we know they're dead serious.  They already have a "BernieOrBust" hashtag trending on Twitter.
This is a must-see video.  A very brave female Muslim filmmaker, Raheel Raza, breaks down the various levels of Islamic radicalism and their threat to the Western world in very clear, well-researched detail, with an unflinching honesty that our own politically-correct leaders seem physically incapable of mustering.
A big salute to the US Capitol Police.  Monday, a Tennessee man reportedly pulled a gun at the Capitol Visitors' Center.  The on-duty cops shot him before he could fire even once.  He was taken to the hospital in stable condition.  The only other person harmed was a woman who suffered minor shrapnel injuries.  It helped that the Capital Police had an active shooter drill earlier that day.  This once again proves that what stops mass shootings by bad guys with guns is good guys with guns.
The suspected "third bomber" in the deadly attack on Brussels has been identified.  Brace yourself: Faycal Cheffou was a "freelance journalist" and activist on behalf of migrant rights.  Apparently, he spent his work time filing news reports blasting the Belgian government for not allowing in more migrants or giving them enough respect or free stuff.  Then he spent his off-hours trying to radicalize migrants and convince them to blast Belgium for real.  His recruitment efforts were so blatant that even in notoriously lax Brussels, the mayor finally managed to get him banned from a refugee center after a long struggle (during which, I bet he was probably called a racist and xenophobe numerous times).  Since President Obama can't even bring himself to call radical Islamic terrorists "Islamic," I wonder what he'll call a radical Islamic terrorist/liberal journalist/migrant activist?  http://hucka.be/ZkRc6l
Please join me in saying a prayer for the victims of the horrific Sunday bombing in a crowded park in Pakistan.  The death toll has topped 70, with over 300 more injured.  Authorities in Pakistan say a breakaway faction of the Taliban associated with ISIS took credit for the bombing and confirmed that it was targeted at Christians celebrating Easter.  Even so, the majority of the victims were Muslims, because they set off a bomb in a crowded park.  Just another reminder that to ISIS militants, unless you bow to their twisted views 100 percent, then nothing is sacred and nobody is safe.
Some good news out of Syria for once: ISIS suffered its first major defeat.  Saturday, ISIS was driven out of the ancient city of Palmyra, where they had been slaughtering people and destroying irreplaceable antiquities.  They tortured and beheaded the city's chief archeologist when he refused to tell them where the hidden artifacts were.  Of course, President Obama's strategy had nothing to do with it.  Palmyra was retaken by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces with backing from Russian troops.   Meanwhile, thanks to the policies of Obama and Hillary Clinton, Libya continues to implode.  This story has details, plus notes of a meeting in Washington in January in which Jordanian King Abdullah told Congressional leaders that Obama has no clear strategy to defeat ISIS and doesn't comprehend that this isn't a Cold War, it's a third world war.  Obama's response shows that he is still convinced his strategy is working and everyone else is wrong.
Good morning America. President Obama used his Easter radio message to double down on his vow to bring another hundred thousand Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the US this year. Only 43 percent of Americans support him, according to a CBS poll from December.  I wonder if support is still even that high, considering a recent estimate by one Lebanese official that about one in 50 Syrian migrants in camps in Europe is a member of ISIS, and a boast by an ISIS-allied militant leader that the attacks in Paris and Brussels were just a "small rehearsal" for what they're planning in America.      Still, Obama presses relentlessly on, rejecting even the suggestion that we prioritize Christian migrants for refugee status.  He and fellow liberals keep claiming that giving preference to refugees because of their religion is unprecedented and un-American.  Yet our immigration laws passed by bipartisan votes in Congress clearly list religious persecution as a key factor in granting refugee status.  Who is facing worse religious persecution in the world today than Christians in Syria?    What will it take to get liberals to care about the ongoing attempted genocide of Christians in the Middle East?  Do we have to classify them as an endangered species before liberals will show any concern about their extinction?
Fire fighters "step up" and protect the rest of us every day.  On September 11, 2001, the NYFD showed the world one of the greatest examples of "stepping up" ever seen.  And when one of their members was killed that day, his comrade stepped up and took his fallen friend's family under his wing.  Check out this heartwarming video of how his two grateful families – his own and his "adopted" family – honored this remarkable dad.
The Western news media cover terrorist attacks in some places far more than in others.  If you don't pay close attention, you might think Brussels was the only site of Islamist suicide bombings in the past week.  But bombings in Iraq killed 25 people, and on Sunday, an apparent suicide bombing in a park in Lahore, Pakistan, killed at least 60 people and injured over 200 more.  It's assumed the bombers deliberately targeted Christians, who were in the park with their families to celebrate Easter.  I hope you'll join me in praying for the victims of all these barbaric bombings.   The attack in Pakistan on Christian families celebrating Easter was sick and horrific, but sadly, not uncommon.  The Christian minority in Pakistan is often targeted by Islamic radicals, just as ISIS thugs are trying to commit genocide against Christians across the Middle East.  Yes, terrorist groups have killed far more Muslims than Christians or Jews, but that's largely because Muslims are a much greater percentage of the population. But Christians and Jews are more likely to be specifically targeted for extermination.
While the Obama Administration is trying to force the Little Sisters of the Poor and other religious charities and schools to violate their beliefs by providing contraceptive and abortifacient drugs to employees, guess who isn't subject to that mandate?  Big corporations like ExxonMobile, Visa and PepsiCo and the US military.  Is this battle really over "women's health" or establishing a precedent that the government has the power to force Americans to violate their religious beliefs, as long as they claim it's in the public interest?
Not the kind of thing a candidate likes to have to deal with: Trump's campaign manager was just charged with misdemeanor battery for allegedly grabbing a female Breitbart reporter by the arm.  He says he will plead innocent.  The arrest is based on new video taken from a different angle. Watch it and weigh in on what you think it shows.
It's easy to be an armchair quarterback and pre-judge police officers when they're the ones putting their lives on the line.  Police have to follow rigid rules that suspects don't have to follow, and are expected to be psychic in knowing whether or not a suspect might be dangerous. Like this Greenville, SC, cop, a decorated military veteran and father of two young children.  He followed the PC rule barring cops from unholstering their weapons until they're absolutely certain a suspect is armed.  Read this and see how he found out.
Here's a story to share with any liberal friends who argue that women don't need guns for protection, guns make your home less safe, etc.  An armed intruder broke into a home in Indianapolis with obviously very bad intent.  But he shouldn't have targeted an armed mom with a mama bear's instincts for protecting her cub.  He's lucky he survived.  If he hadn't, he would've won the Darwin Award for breaking into a house with a sign over the door depicting a pistol and reading, "We Don't Call 911."
The thing about a narcissist...
Let's recap the weekend's political news.   The less said about the Republican race, the better.  It was a tawdry weekend of insults, innuendo and sleazy tabloid stories, and frankly, my ten-foot pole isn't long enough to touch that with.  I'll just remind everyone concerned, from the politicians to the consultants to the media, that there are real issues at stake – like national security, reinvigorating the economy to create jobs, appointing Supreme Court Justices who will defend the Constitution, and more.  It's time to zip it, and get back to those topics.    On the Democratic side, there were caucuses in three more states on Saturday, and it was a clean sweep for Bernie Sanders.  It must've been awkward for Bernie's more strident young leftist supporters.  They had to take time out from writing Internet posts mocking the miracle of the Resurrection to write Internet posts hailing Bernie Sanders' miraculous resurrection.    Bernie won over 70 percent in Hawaii, he trounced Hillary by nearly 3 to 1 in Washington, and he crushed her by over 4 to 1 in Alaska.  Of course, this is the Democratic primary process, so all those wins still brought him only slightly closer to her in the delegate count.  She's still far-and-away the likely nominee.  Still, the continuing strength of Sanders must be keeping Democratic strategists awake nights...
An expensive and repulsive legal battle.

He is risen!
US political and security officials who are working with their Belgian and EU counterparts to identify security lapses that led to Tuesday's Brussels bombing are aghast at what they're discovering.  For two decades, they've let jihadists infiltrate Europe and take over as officials lived in a fog of denial and political correctness, and did almost nothing to stay ahead of the threat.  One anonymous US security official put it bluntly, saying that talking to them about anti-terrorist tactics is like talking to "children."  Frankly, I'm surprised that they're surprised, since the self-destructive, self-hating policies of the EU elite have been common knowledge for years.        But by all means, let's fundamentally transform America to be more like Europe.
While President Obama was palling around with Cuban dictator Raul Castro at a baseball game in Havana --- even doing the wave with him in the stands --- it might have appeared to him that our countries were indeed coming together.  But so, it's only within the depths of Obama's profoundly ideological mind, which creates its own reality.   Look at what happened after the game was over.  ESPN, broadcasting from outside the stadium, preserved on video what happens to Cuban dissidents when they fail to toe the rhetorical line.  Maybe Obama should take a look at this video, too; he no doubt couldn't see what happened from his highly secure location.  Or do you think he's fine with Castro's attitude towards freedom of speech?
Finally, a "green" initiative involving light bulbs that even conservatives can get behind:
Hollywood actors can't resist the temptation to comment on politics.  George Clooney just put out an effusive endorsement of Hillary Clinton.  Late night comics had a field day mocking the news that Scott Baio had endorsed Donald Trump (although, be honest, would you rather watch "Happy Days" reruns with Scott Baio or George Clooney in "Batman And Robin" or "The Men Who Stare At Goats"? Personally, I'd rather stare at goats than watch either movie).  Let's settle this by seeing who Burt Reynolds thinks would make a good President.  I'll bet you will never guess whom he names, but some of you might actually agree:
Remember when we were assured that lawless "No-Go Zones" of Muslim migrants in Europe were just an outrageous right-wing fiction?  A news crew from Australia tried to confirm that by going to one of those unjustly maligned neighborhoods in Sweden.  Residents threw things at them, roughed them up, and ran over one reporter's foot with a car.  Film at 11!  Or at this link:
The knock on Donald Trump is that he isn't informed enough on subjects such as foreign policy and might be too egotistical to take the advice of others.  But then, he probably wouldn't be such a successful businessman if he didn't know how to hire good people and delegate authority, and if he tried to design and build all his hotels by himself.  Trump attempted to prove that he will surround himself with top quality people by naming five foreign policy advisers.  Check out their names and resumes and tell me in the comments if this soothes your concerns or if you think Trump would ignore his advisers and "go it alone."
I guess President Obama just couldn't leave office without one parting apology for America's shortcomings on hostile foreign soil.  One picture is worth a thousand words, so I won't write a thousand words about Obama's weak response to the outrageous lies of Raul Castro (there are no political prisoners in Cuba) or his stunning criticism of human rights in the US.  But I will respond to Obama's suggestion that our nations can learn from each other on human rights:    Mr. President, whatever you learn about human rights in Cuba, please don't try to bring it back here.  I ask this on behalf of all Americans and all the Cubans who try to paddle rafts 90 miles on the open ocean to escape from the wonderful human rights record in Cuba and get to America.
Wow. When Donald J. Trump heard this woman's question, he immediately said "come up here!"  Spread this far and wide, people need to see it.
Interesting breakdown by CBS News of how much more or less Americans in different income brackets would pay under each candidate's tax plan.  I've got to hand it to Bernie Sanders: not many politicians would have the guts to call for raising taxes on everybody, even the working poor, while still spending so much that the huge federal deficit would grow even larger.  That's the problem with "redistributing wealth": do it enough, and before long, there's no wealth left to redistribute.  It's just a shame that this study doesn't consider the Fair Tax, the only plan that would supercharge the economy while completely eliminating the IRS.  If only someone were running who had the good sense to back that!
Turns out the only KKK hoods at Trump rallies are on leftist protesters.  Read my latest column for Western Journalism
The Supreme Court unanimously vacated the illegal weapons conviction of a Massachusetts woman who carried a stun gun.  This doesn't officially extend 2nd Amendment rights to stun guns and Tasers, but it does show that even with four liberals and no Justice Scalia, the Court is not so willing to limit the individual's right to own weapons for self-defense as many feared.  This case seems particularly egregious.  The woman was not only carrying a non-lethal weapon, but it was to protect her from the threat of an abusive ex-boyfriend.    The media always trumpet the bogus accusations of a Republican "war on women," but why do they seldom ask why liberals want to take away the right of women to protect themselves with firearms, the only true "equalizer" when they face a genuine threat from larger, stronger males?
Bill Clinton told a crowd in Spokane that his wife Hillary, who was a major part of the Obama Administration and has promised to extend and expand its policies, is the perfect person to create change so that "we can put the awful legacy of the last eight years behind us."  What do you know, Bill Clinton said something I agree with!  Of course, his people are already spinning furiously, claiming he meant Republican obstructionism.  Which might make sense if she were running for Congress.  Personally, I suspect this is a classic example of the "Washington gaffe," defined as "When a politician accidentally tells the truth."   After that fleeting moment of unintentional honesty, he immediately reverted to blaming trickle-down economics and not enough regulations for the 2008 economic implosion, and not the no-money-down, no-qualifications mortgages and the risky way they were bundled and resold, a result of policies instituted under him and Jimmy Carter.  Still, one moment of accidental truth in a Clinton campaign speech is like a daisy sprouting from concrete: a rarity worth celebrating.
Latest twist in the standoff between the FBI and Apple: the feds canceled a hearing into forcing Apple to decrypt the cell phone of the San Bernardino terrorists, saying they'd found an "outside party" who can hack into the device. Feel free to weigh in on whether you think Apple has a duty to help the FBI get info from the phone to help prevent further attacks, or whether it's too risky to create a way to hack into iPhones and trust that it won't leak out or be abused by the government.
We all love those "Antiques Roadshow" stories about finding some treasure in a Goodwill bin.  This is one of those stories, but with a twist.  It has two heroes: one, the person who found the treasure; and the other, the person to whom it rightfully belonged.  Let's all give a big salute to both of them.   http://hucka.be/bxejaU
Would Donald Trump actually have a chance at beating Hillary Clinton in uber-liberal California?  It sounds about as likely as Rush Limbaugh being elected mayor of San Francisco, but at least one political analyst has a theory on how it could happen.  Tell me if you think it's plausible or he's just California dreaming.
Prayers for the people of Belgium.  Coordinated terrorist bombings on subways and the Brussels Airport have left 31 dead, over 180 wounded.  Those numbers could get even worse.  Another chilling reminder that if you don't take the fight to ISIS, they will take it to you.
Bernie Sanders' wife decided to tour Sheriff Joe Arpaio's tent city prison to get some dirt on our favorite sheriff.  But while she was there, someone unexpected walked up, and minutes later she was singing a MUCH different tune.
Last week, I told you about efforts to release the American college student sentenced to 15 years' hard labor after he vacationed in North Korea and tried to steal a propaganda banner as a souvenir.  Well, here's more news from the "What On Earth Were They Thinking?" department.  26-year-old Mohammed Jamal Khweis of Alexandria, Virginia, spent weeks traveling through Europe, Turkey and Syria to get to Mosul, Iraq, to join ISIS, which has taken over Mosul.  After a month of intensive Islamic studies and learning what ISIS is about, he suddenly realized he didn't agree with their ideology.  So he fled and surrendered to Kurdish forces.  Khweis told a TV interviewer that he "made a bad decision" and "wasn't thinking straight."  He said his message to fellow Americans is that life in Mosul under ISIS is "really, really bad."  Well, thanks for the head's up, but I believe most of us were able to figure that out without actually going there.
A middle school teacher in the Bronx nearly lost her job, but was eventually fined $300 for showing her students an ISIS Internet video of a terrorist beheading a journalist. Some of the bloodier moments were censored, but it still traumatized her students. The teacher claimed she was trying to show the kids what was happening in the real world, but she made a mistake and didn't realize the video would be that gruesome. This presents a quandary: how much of life's ugly realities should we allow young people to see? Her students are 13- and 14-years old. They shouldn't be exposed to brutality like that. Then again, they saw it because the teacher clicked on the wrong Internet link – something any of those kids might have done at home. We put filters on computers to try to protect our children from pornography, but how do we protect them from disgusting, violent depravity that's being broadcast to the entire world under the heading of news? It's sad that we even have to consider such questions. But ISIS gives us no choice. We can try to shield our children from the horrific images, but we have to let them know there's evil in the world so they'll be prepared and not fall prey to it. And there is such a thing as sheltering children too much. Like when even our leaders refuse to acknowledge what our enemy really is, and we let our kids live in "safe spaces" until they're 26 years old, then they have to run away and join ISIS before they realize that it's bad.
I hope you enjoyed St. Patrick's Day weekend and made it through to Monday safely.  But however you celebrated, it can't beat the way a Newtown, Connecticut, man marked the holiday with this unusual tribute to his friend, a heroic Navy SEAL killed in action in Afghanistan:  http://hucka.be/SXHtQE
Now this is what I call a great employee benefit!  Some might even call it a lifesaver.

I mentioned last week that the left's habit of calling Republicans "Hitler" is losing its effectiveness because they've done it for so long.  Even I didn't realize how long, but Daniel Greenfield at Front Page magazine dug deep into the archives.  He unearthed overheated Hitler rhetoric aimed at every GOP presidential nominee all the way back to Barry Goldwater in 1964.  He also identified a pattern: Democrats accuse the current Republican of being another Hitler and lament that the party no long nominates centrist statesmen like the Republicans from years past…whom they also compared to Hitler when they were running.  It's a must-read.  You can find it online at frontpagemag.com.
Have you ever given any thought to how the Jesus' ultimate sacrifice relates to our American heritage? With Easter approaching, it's a story that we MUST share with our kids and grandkids. That's why my team at Learn Our History created the film, "Easter in America".  You can get a FREE copy on DVD by visiting freeeasterdvd.com/justforkids     With this very special free DVD, kids will learn how the important Easter concepts of sacrifice and rebirth have played a major role in American history, from the time of the earliest settlers through the Civil and World wars.  If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 for s&p, and if you order now, you will be set up to receive future great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released to you at Learn Our History's regular price for each of its films. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic and faith based lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk. Whether you choose to place an order or not, join me in keeping the spirit of Easter alive in America as the calendar turns to spring!
With the flowers starting to bloom and the birds chirping, I don't feel much like ruining a nice spring day by recapping the political news of the weekend.  Suffice to say that it was pretty much like it's been for the past week or two.  Donald Trump held a rally, this time in Arizona.  Some protesters showed up, tried to block people from getting in, chanted four-letter words, attempted to make the case that Trump is a racist by walking around in KKK hoods themselves, and got forcibly removed.  You know, the usual mature adult behavior we've all come to expect.    I'm tired of giving publicity to these childish stunts, so I'll just remind you that tomorrow being Tuesday, there are more primaries and caucuses. If they're in your state, please votes and make your voices heard.  For Democrats, they're in Arizona, Idaho and Utah.  For Republicans, they're in Arizona, Utah and American Samoa.
An expert weighs in on one reason why average people relate to billionaire Donald Trump.  And it's something that elites can't stand about him.  But I'll bet you can't guess what it is.  Here.  Is.  A hint…
Have you ever given any thought to how the Jesus' ultimate sacrifice relates to our American heritage? With Easter approaching, it's a story that we MUST share with our kids and grandkids. That's why my team at Learn Our History created the film, "Easter in America", and we're giving it away for FREE on DVD when you try Learn Our History. It makes a great gift. To order your free copy, just visit www.freeeasterdvd.com/justforkids  With this very special free DVD, kids will learn how the important Easter concepts of sacrifice and rebirth have played a major role in American history, from the time of the earliest settlers through the Civil and World wars.  If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 for s&p, and if you order now, you will be set up to receive future great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released to you at Learn Our History's regular price for each of its films. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic and faith based lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk. Whether you choose to place an order or not, join me in keeping the spirit of Easter alive in America as the calendar turns to spring!
Marco Rubio revealed some of his plans for the future, but it's mostly what he doesn't intend to do.  Not surprised that he has no interest in running for Vice President (particularly if Trump is the nominee), but there seems to be no political office he's interested in.  The Founders intended citizens to serve in politics then return to private life to live under the same laws they passed.  Could we actually be seeing that concept making a comeback?  I guess if they can grow dinosaur legs on a chicken, anything is possible.   http://hucka.be/jcpvhQ
I thought Progressives hated wealthy one-percenters living off the hard work of everyday Americans.  Apparently not if the hard-pressed Americans are taxpayers and the idle rich are Democratic ex-Presidents.
The House voted (mostly along party lines) to file an amicus brief on the side of Texas and two dozen other states in a lawsuit that seeks to block President Obama's executive order halting deportation of up to 4 million illegal immigrants.  Speaker Ryan says it's not about being for or against a particular policy; it's to call on the Supreme Court to defend the Constitution and the integrity of our governmental system, which does not allow Presidents to rewrite or suspend duly-passed laws.  So if you think it makes no difference who wins the White House, imagine if preserving the Constitutional limits on executive power came down to the vote of a new Justice appointed by President Hillary Clinton.
An unnamed US Marine just became the second American service member to be killed in Iraq during the past few months.  Several other Marines were wounded in what the Pentagon described as a "lucky strike" by ISIL rocket fire on a coalition base in northern Iraq.  There are now about 3,700 US troops in Iraq, advising the Iraqi Army.  This is a grim reminder that we should all be praying for our troops still in harm's way.  They may be called "advisers" instead of soldiers, but no matter what vague name you give it, it's still just as dangerous a job.
This is how you know it's a slow news day.  Police in Franklin, Tennessee, tweeted that officers were attempting to wrangle a chicken that had somehow wandered into a downtown street.  Later, they tweeted that the chicken was now in custody, the situation was secure and no officers were injured in the capture.  The police source added that the chicken had crossed the road and investigators were "working to determine why."  You know, I should call them.  I think I just might know the answer to that mystery.

We knew something strange was going on when all of a sudden Donald J. Trump's Chicago rally exploded into threats and violence.  Now we've found the 1 man responsible, and the world needs to know his shocking identify.
Prayers and sympathy today to the Sinatra family.  Frank Sinatra Jr. died suddenly on Wednesday in Daytona Beach, where he was doing what he loved to do: touring and performing the songs that his legendary father introduced to the Great American Songbook.  As a young man, Frank Jr. struggled to escape his dad's shadow, and he was long underrated as a singer.  But he eventually embraced his dad's legacy, first as his conductor, then singing his dad's songs after he passed on.  In recent years, Frank Sinatra Jr. finally came into his own, touring the world and even introducing the Rat Pack style to a new generation as a cartoon version of himself on "Family Guy."  Frank Sinatra Jr. was proof that if you have the talent, the drive and a sincere love for what you do, eventually, the world will come around.
On Thursday, I was on "The Real Story" with Gretchen Carlson on Fox News just after blogger Erick Erickson, who talked of the secret meeting he had helped organize in DC to gather political operatives together to in his words, "stop Donald Trump."  Fair enough.  Even political operatives and DC insiders are citizens and voters and have every right to support a candidate or oppose one.  But the stated purpose of the meeting was to either stop Trump in the primaries, at the convention, or organize a 3rd party candidate should Trump win the nomination the old fashioned way—by getting more votes than his competitors.  A novel idea indeed—having an election and affording citizens the "one man, one vote" rule to elect their nominee.  But what if a select group of political operators don't like the person the voters picked?  Erickson said that "WE" (emphasis mine) would get together and find a candidate to run as an independent because "WE" would never support Trump.  I was stunned at audacity of an attitude that brazenly declared that the "WE the PEOPLE" as empowered in the very preamble to the Constutition had been somehow replaced by "WE the POLITICAL OPERATIVES."   You can see my reaction below.   I like Erick.  He's a smart guy.  I honestly thought perhaps his strong emotions about the process had caused him to mispeak when he said "WE" (political insiders) would stop Trump no matter what the voters thought.  Translation: The voters are stupid and don't know what's best for them so we'll let them pretend their votes matter, but after we humor them with the meaningless exercise of an election, we'll pick someone that "WE" like better.  But then, in response to my comments, Erickson posted THIS on his blog:  "Mike Huckabee says that "when voters make a decision, you suck it up and accept it."  "The former governor may not know this, but I'm a voter. And my decision is to oppose Donald Trump. So he can suck it up and accept it. This "will of the people" stuff does nothing for me as the will of the people is the very mob rule our founders worked hard to constrain."  Actually, Erick, I am aware that you are a voter.  And so am I.  And I've been something you haven't been—a candidate for President.  Twice.  I didn't get the nomination either time.  And those darn voters are the reason why.  It never occurred to me that since I really did think they were wrong that I could just get some political people in a secret meeting and maybe get the nomination the "Soviet way."  We'll let people think they are voting, but then we'll pick me after all.    Trump was certainly not my first choice—I was my first choice.  I went from a nice income to zero income, gave a year of my life, asked great sacrifices on the part of donors, staff, and volunteers and gave it all I had and then some.  And the voters chose differently.  I could blame the media for giving me virtually no attention and giving it all to Trump.  I could blame the people who promised their support and urged me to get in the race but who then disappeared into the camps of others because they saw better paychecks, better rewards, or maybe really thought they saw a better candidate.  But in the end, my fate was decided by voters.  The old Democrat political jokester Dick Tuck, who be-deviled Richard Nixon with some of the great political pranks of all time, eventually decided to run himself, for a CA state senate seat in 1966. He finished 3rd in a field of 8 and as the results came in, he uttered one of the most quoted political lines of all time (and forgive the verbatim language):  "The people have spoken….the bastards."  Dick Tuck said it for humor.  Today, we have GOP establishment types who are saying it because they mean it.    We have elections not because the people get it right all the time.  They don't.  But they have the right to make a mistake.  I think they made one by not nominated me.  They sure made one electing Barak Obama and would make a bigger one electing Hillary.  But our system was designed to ultimately keep the power away from an oligarchy and let every citizen participate in selecting their leaders.   Don't like Trump?  Don't like Cruz?  Don't like Kasich?  Vote differently.  Or don't vote.  But sorry, no matter WHO you are, you only get one vote.
Like everyone else so far, Democrats are underestimating Donald Trump.  Hillary's speech and the fundraising emails her campaign sent out after Tuesday's results gave us a preview of the kind of conventional scorched-earth campaign she plans to run against him.  I'm familiar with the tactics.  Every race I ever ran in Arkansas was against the Clinton Machine.  But if they expect Trump to stand there and take it, or backpedal and apologize when he's accused of being a sexist or Nazi or whatever, they're in for a rude awakening.  He'll take a page from the Obama playbook, go on offense in unexpected ways, and throw it back in their faces twice as hard.  And with polls showing that many Americans are fed up with political correctness and tired of being called racist if they just want the borders secured and immigration laws enforced, Hillary may discover the old, reliable Democratic dog whistles no longer work.    It's said that Hillary's people are dancing with glee at the idea of running against Trump because he'll be so easy to beat.  Not to compare Trump with Ronald Reagan, but that's exactly what Jimmy Carter's people thought about him.  They underestimated both their opponent and the American public's level of frustration with smug liberal incompetence.  They'd better figure out quickly that the only thing certain about this race is that we should continue to expect the unexpected.
New research shows that 60% of Chinese consumers would pay extra for products made in the USA. A separate survey found that 80% of Americans would rather buy US-made products than cheaply-made Chinese products.  So why did 2015 bring a record $365.7 billion trade imbalance with China, while virtually everything available for sale is "Made in China"?  Maybe because what should be market-based decisions are no longer being made by consumers.
...the job of schools is to teach students, not to provide jobs for teachers.
In case you haven't heard, a .50-calibre rifle powerful enough to take down a helicopter was among the weapons recovered from captured Mexican drug kingpin El Chapo's hideout.  Where did he get such a fearsome weapon?  From you, Mr. and Mrs. US Taxpayer!    On Wednesday, the Obama Justice Department finally confirmed that it was one of the weapons they let disappear into Mexico as part of their Operation Fast & Furious fiasco.  And if you hadn't heard, don't blame yourself: Newsbusters.org notes that neither ABC, NBC, CBS nor Univision bothered to mention it on their nightly newscasts.  For the record, I had the initial report on my podcast way back on January 22nd.  So if you really want to know what's happening, turn to Huckabee, not NBC.
It's been a good few weeks for faith-based movies.  There's the new Jennifer Garner movie, "Miracles From Heaven," that opened with an A+ Cinemascore from audiences, and two films on the life of Jesus: the box office hit "Risen" and the upcoming take on Christ's boyhood, "Young Messiah."  But the latter movie is taking some flak for inventing incidents that aren't in the Bible.    In this article, the writer/director defends his approach as respectful to Jesus and Christianity, and says there's nothing that contradicts the Bible.  Read his argument in full and watch the trailer at the link, then weigh in below.  Are you offended, intrigued or excited about this film?
The New York Times sent a reporter to a Donald Trump campaign office and were shocked by what they found.  You will be shocked only if you have been paying zero attention to why people are actually supporting Trump.  Gotta think this story has a lot of Democratic campaign consultants reaching for the Pepto-Bismol.
As expected, President Obama ignored the Senate's warning that they won't consider any SCOTUS nominee in the final year of a lame duck Presidency during an election.  So far, Senate Republican leaders are holding firm, but they'll be under pressure by Democrats and the media to cave in.  If nothing else comes of this, Obama has squandered his last months in office by choosing to create another divisive, partisan face-off rather than work with Congress to accomplish something realistic.  But at least he got to give Senate Republicans a sanctimonious lecture, so that part of his legacy remains secure.    Obama nominated DC Appeals Court Judge Merrick Garland.  Garland has served under both Republican and Democratic Presidents and is described by some as a centrist.  But even the New York Times said his appointment would result in the most liberal Court in decades.  They cited a university study that places him ideologically alongside Kagan and Sotomayor, and he's believed to oppose the idea that the 2nd Amendment is an individual right.  Personally, I think that if you don't believe the entire Bill of Rights is a list of individual rights, then you should probably find a line of work other than judge.
And we learn a little more about the self-styled social justice warrior who tried to rush Donald Trump and ended up eating the floor when the Secret Service tackled him.  From the looks of his deleted-but-still-readable tweet, he wasn't just trying to shake Trump's hand.  Read this and see if you agree with "Dilbert" creator Scott Adams' chilling prediction about media culpability in firing up attacks on political candidates.
Is anyone surprised to hear reports that the leftist anti-Trump protesters in Chicago were not exactly the peaceful little lambs that the media made them out to be?
Ted Cruz's national security advisor outlined how he would change US policy toward Israel if elected.  This article has the details, but in short: We'd start treating Israel like an ally again and quit pressuring the Israelis to compromise with people who want to kill them. I'm sure it will spark plenty of "Twitter outrage," but my big question is: Why has this not been US policy for the past seven years?
It's official: after losing Florida, Marco Rubio has suspended his campaign.  I suspect that in the current political climate, his involvement with the Gang of Eight immigration bill was an obstacle he was never going to overcome.  And his brief descent into personal attacks on Trump was a strategic blunder that I was glad to see him abandon.    Having been in the arena, I know how painful it is to have to face defeat and end a campaign.  I thought Marco Rubio said his goodbye with grace, dignity and honor.  Watch the video for yourself and share your thoughts below.
In electing ultra-liberal Bill DeBlasio mayor, New Yorkers should have known they risked bringing back the bad old days of his mentor, David Dinkins.  But they probably never imagined how fast things would deteriorate with a leftist at the wheel.    After 9/11, the NYPD were admired as heroes.  Today, with a mayor who is dismantling every program that's reduced crime and who reflexively sides against the police, a survey of NY cops finds that 96% think community relations have worsened and 87% believe the city is less safe since DeBlasio took office (55% say it's "a lot less safe").  89% say they'd quit the force if they had a better offer, and about the same number wouldn't recommend a career in law enforcement to their loved ones.  There are more findings at the link, all equally grim.  Other US cities that have had uninterrupted Democratic rule for decades (Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit, St. Louis, Oakland, etc.) might have grown used to crime and blight.  But New Yorkers don't have that excuse.  Many survived the Dinkins years, saw Republican Rudy Giuliani perform a miracle turnaround and sort-of Republican Mike Bloomberg maintain it.  Once you've showered and put on a nice, clean suit, why would you willingly dive back into a cesspool?
The possibility of a "Republican crack-up" has the media salivating. What you seldom hear is that the Democrats are experiencing a crack-up, too.  Many Democrats, especially younger voters, are no happier with the status quo than Republicans are.  It's just that the media don't like covering Democratic problems, plus they've created a system that makes it a lot harder for an outsider to win.    Democrats vote today in five states.  So far, Hillary Clinton has won 14 primaries and caucuses, Bernie Sanders, 9.  In terms of delegates actually won, she's only ahead by 775 to 464.  But add in all the party insider super delegates who've pledged to Hillary without regard for what their voters want, and Hillary's total leaps to 1239.  That means she's won just 14 out of 57 contests, yet she's already more than halfway to the nomination.  The Democratic system is sort of like a mile-long race in which one runner gets to start at the half-mile mark.  And they claim they're the party of fairness!    On the bright side, when Bernie's supporters whine that it's unfair that delegates he worked for got redistributed to somebody who didn't earn them, it could be a better lesson about socialism than they ever got in college.  Or from Bernie.
It's the Ides of March, the anniversary of the day in 44 B.C. when Julius Caesar was stabbed in the back by his own Senators.  It's a feeling we can all relate to.  That feeling is largely what's behind the record turnout in the Republican primaries, and today will likely bring more of the same.  It's starting to feel as if every Tuesday is another Super Tuesday.  I don't know about you, but I'm ready for a Normal Tuesday.  Today, Republicans vote in North Carolina, Missouri, Illinois, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the two states getting the most attention, Florida and Ohio.    Today is when winner-take-all races start, where any candidate who comes in first, even with just a plurality of votes, can start racking up delegates and pulling ahead fast.  Florida and Ohio are winner-take-all states where native sons Marco Rubio and John Kasich hope to deny Donald Trump big scores of delegates.  Neither has shown much strength beyond their home states, but if they can help keep Trump's total below 1237 by convention time, it could spark a brokered convention.  Of course, if the GOP denies the candidate with the most votes the nomination and hand-picks someone the voters rejected, then their attempt to save the party just might destroy it.
Prayers for Todd Palin, injured Sunday in a serious snowmobile accident, and for his wife Sarah and their family.  Sadly, some people who love to lecture us about "hate speech" couldn't resist indulging in it themselves, but I hope that sort of politics-above-human decency attitude isn't really as a common as the Internet makes it seem.
Even after seven years, President Obama has yet to learn the #1 rule of negotiations: you don't give your adversaries everything they want before you start negotiating.  First, he gave away the store to Iran in return for no guarantee that they'll stop pursuing nuclear weapons.  Then he normalized relations with Cuba and started easing the embargo without getting anything in return, insuring that the Castro regime would have plenty of money to set up a successor that would keep on oppressing the Cuban people.   A Cuban communist newspaper just let him know that if he thinks he'll receive any gratitude for his largess when he visits, he's sorely mistaken. The way he negotiates, it's no wonder so many people wonder whether he's even trying to win any concessions.
If you think that young people who want Bernie Sanders to be President need to have their heads examined, then good news:  Dr. Phil agrees with you.  Here is a clip of him explaining the psychology behind the self-defeating demands for "free stuff."  He might also have told them to look at Venezuela and ask, "How's that socialism workin' for ya?"
It was disheartening to see some of my fellow Republicans who claim to be defenders of the Constitution trying to pin some of the blame for the mob's actions on Trump.  Yes, maybe he should be more careful about what he says.  But if you believe in free speech and individual responsibility, then you shouldn't fall into the trap of blaming one person's actions on another person's words.  No matter what Trump said, it doesn't give anyone the right to violate his free speech or threaten his supporters, any more than what the protesters say about Trump gives his supporters the right to punch them in the nose.  If we're going to let people blame their actions on other people's words, then we should've arrested the Beatles for what Charles Manson did.
This is why so many people bristle at the very idea of pushing Israel to negotiate with the Palestinians.  If you haven't kept up with the recent ramp-up of violence and threats by Hamas, this article may horrify you, but it will bring you up to speed on the vicious barbarism we pressure Israel to show restraint in dealing with.  Question: How much restraint do you think America's leaders should show if someone fires four missiles into your hometown?
Only Donald Trump could make more news by not holding a rally than other candidates make by holding rallies.  Saturday night, Trump canceled a rally in Chicago after protesters inside and outside the venue got so aggressive that there were concerns about violence breaking out between the two sides.  The leftist activist group MoveOn.org took partial credit for organizing the mob.  Trump denounced it as a planned attack.  Although I suspect Hillary Clinton will blame it on a YouTube video...
The anti-Trump protesters who think that they're fighting "fascism" by forcibly silencing free speech pushed it even further in Dayton when one charged the stage in an attempt to attack Trump.  But he now has Secret Service protection, so the would-be attacker is lucky that all he got was thrown to the ground, handcuffed and arrested.    John Hinderaker at Powerlineblog.com dug into his social media posts and discovered he pretty much fits the profile you would guess.  He celebrated being bailed out of jail by tweeting a photo of himself sticking his tongue out at the camera with a message consisting of three words, two of which I can't repeat. So I'll just quote Ron Burgundy from "Anchorman":  "Stay classy, social justice warriors!"
This weekend, I was struck by a Fox News interview with one young protester in Chicago (he was protesting against Donald Trump).  The reporter asked if he realized that they were attacking free speech.  The young man said, no, what Trump says isn't free speech.  It's "hate speech," and that's not protected.  Let's try to untangle that twisted yarn ball of logic.  You might strongly disagree with Trump, but has he really said anything that rises to the level of "hate speech"?  He's been compared to Hitler.  Has he ever suggested putting any ethnic group into concentration camps or gas chambers?  The left routinely accuses Republicans of being racists and Nazis, without the slightest justification.  Isn't that "hate speech?"  It's certainly one of the most hateful false accusations you can make against someone.  Suppose I could get that declared to be "hate speech."  Could I then order liberals never to call anyone a "Nazi" again unless they were really were Nazis?  After all, "hate speech" isn't protected, right?  But then, who will decide exactly which speech doesn't deserve protection?  Apparently, some random guy on a Chicago street corner.
I've been talking about the Obama Administration's "say one thing/do another" policy at the Southern Border since I had the head of the Border Patrol Agent's union on my Fox News TV show.  I talked about it again recently, when the issue reemerged to dog the Rubio campaign and when an Obama official denied accusations that agents were being told to release illegal entrants to prevent them from making Obama's numbers look bad.  Now, the Sheriff of Pinal County, Arizona, has spoken up, claiming that agents are deliberately being kept away from the most active border smuggling areas.  But then, who are you going to believe: the law enforcement agents who spend every day on the border, or the much-better-informed DC bureaucrats 2,350 miles away?
This farmer could tell something with his truck wasn't quite right. So he popped the hood to get a better look.  But once he got the hood up, he found the problem... and it was one of the most terrifying things you can imagine.
Ouch. Megyn Kelly put DNC chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz in her place. This shows exactly why Dems might be in BIG trouble in 2016...  Do you agree with Megyn Kelly?
When you think your burden is too heavy, and you just can't keep going, take a look at this video.  If this doesn't inspire you to finish the race, nothing will.
...so no Republican merits ...
I'm proud of having started out in radio, and love working in that medium for many reasons.  Chief among them the terrific, generous, civic-minded people who work in local radio stations all across America.  Here's a perfect example.
This is a heartwarming story with an important message that the man who reported it summed up well: God sometimes gives us a test "to see who we really are":


Sir George Martin, the legendary record producer known as "The Fifth Beatle" has died at home in London at 90.  For most people, having produced all those Beatles classics would be enough to cement your legacy forever.  But did you know that he also produced/arranged classics by Elton John, America, Gerry & The Pacemakers, Kenny Rogers, Dire Straits, Jeff Beck, Cheap Trick, Neil Sedaka, Celine Dion and many more, including two great James Bond themes: "Goldfinger" by Shirley Bassey and "Live & Let Die" by Paul McCartney & Wings?   Check out this tribute and see if you don't agree with his answer when he was asked if he would do it all over again.
Iran continues to show its utter contempt for any agreements limiting their nuclear aggression. While Joe Biden was visiting Israel to urge both sides to make peace (amid a flurry of Palestinian knife attacks on innocent Israelis), Iran was defying a UN resolution prohibiting Iran from testing ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear warheads. Iran not only tested two ballistic missiles, but multiple news sources report that one had "Israel should be wiped off the Earth" written on it in Hebrew.    You'd think that would be a clear enough message of Iran's intentions for anyone to grasp.  But when we have a President who was promoting Iran as our new partner in peace at the same time their parliament was chanting, "Death to America," then, as Strother Martin said in "Cool Hand Luke," "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."
If you're tired of hearing stories that vilify the police, here's an antidote that reminds us of how much we owe to the brave men and women in uniform. How a heroic and observant California Highway Patrol Officer saved four lives in 40 seconds:
A new study claims not only to prove that illegal immigration reduces American wages, but to put a precise figure on the annual loss to the average US worker.  The study found that illegal immigrants get low pay, while Americans lose jobs and make lower wages while having to pay higher taxes for government aid to illegal immigrants. The only group that benefits is employers who exploit cheap labor, so you'd think that even liberals would oppose illegal immigration. In fact, the famed Latino union organizer Cesar Chavez did, out of a belief that it undermined union jobs and lowered US wages.  Check out the link to see just how much bigger your paycheck would be if our immigration laws were enforced.
This will likely be the most talked-about moment of the debate, when Donald Trump was pressed about his comments on Muslims hating us and refused to back down, drawing laughter and applause from the crowd.  The Islamic pressure group CAIR is already demanding an apology.    I suspect that Trump and most of his supporters know that many Muslims are risking their own lives to fight radical Islam. They're probably just frustrated with the constant pressure from the media and groups like CAIR not to say anything negative at all, even about Muslims who openly flaunt their hatred of America and their intention to kill us.  But let's drop the double standard and admit the truth. Condemning all Muslims for the actions of a radical minority is wrong, but so is our current President's refusal even to acknowlege that ISIS is Islamic, when that's what the first "I" in their name stands for. How can you defeat an enemy when you can't even bring yourself to identify it accurately?
One of the biggest applause lines of the debate came when Ted Cruz spoke about reforming illegal immigration.  Expect the media to twist that applause into a story about Republicans hating immigrants.  But they might have a hard time explaining away a new survey by A.T. Kearney Consulting that found that 61% of Americans agree that continued immigration jeopardizes the US. That includes both legal and illegal immigration.     The study found that concern about the effects of unfettered immigration is particularly high among those with only a high school or "some college" education.  Again, expect that to be spun as the prejudice of the poorly-educated. But maybe it's because people without degrees are the most likely to lose their jobs to lower-paid immigrants (well, aside from Disney IT workers).  This survey suggests that it might be a suicidal election strategy for Democrats to tar opponents of more immigration as a racist fringe group. Sixty-one percent of the population is a pretty big fringe.
There was a striking moment during Thursday's debate when the crowd booed at Trump saying he was "pro-Israel."  I hope the booing was out of skepticism and not disagreement.  This story gives a little more background that might explain the crowd reaction.
Rush Limbaugh just revealed what he thinks will happen on Trump's second day as president if he gets elected, and it's probably not what many people would expect.  Do you think there's still a chance for Donald J. Trump to become president?
After Barack Obama announced that he would be skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral, Michael Reagan, the former first lady's son, issued a BRUTAL slam to the president.  This shows what a classless buffoon Obama is... The Gipper would have never done this.
Hillary Clinton is at it again... she not only refuses to take responsibility for her actions in regards to Benghazi, she actually went out of her way to SLAM the mother of a dead Benghazi victim.  This is absolutely sick... how dare she go after family members of the dead like this?
IT's Contagious so Beware
During this week's Democratic debate, the moderator asked Hillary Clinton what she'd do if THIS happened. When she heard this brutal question, she absolutely FLIPPED out.  This shows how desperate Hillary Clinton is getting... the end may be coming soon.
The Teamsters union is a pretty reliable base for the Democratic Party. However, they just sent a massive message to Donald J. Trump... this has Hillary and Bernie TERRIFIED.  This shows just how much this election has changed in American politics...
Need another reason to never cut off a semi-truck? Take a look at this video... you're going to be extra-careful next time you're out on the highway.  This is insane... everyone is lucky they survived.
During Senate testimony this week, Attorney General Loretta Lynch revealed that the Justice Department has actually discussed taking civil legal action against fuel companies that dare to question manmade climate change.  She said she wasn't aware of it going any further than that…yet.  The theory is that "climate deniers" should be punished the same way that cigarette companies were sued for denying that smoking causes cancer.  Yes, but there was actual proof that smoking caused cancer, not just computer models of a diseased lung.  As blogger and law professor Glenn Reynolds observed, liberals who call Donald Trump a fascist now want to prosecute people for questioning the government.    Questioning scientific theories isn't anti-science, it's the very definition of science.  Can you imagine not being allowed to question scientific theories that are tainted by politics?  For example, the Daily Caller reports that some researchers at the University of Oregon have determined that the science of studying glaciers is sexist.   As the abstract of their "feminist glaciology" paper puts it, quote: "Merging feminist postcolonial science studies and feminist political ecology, the feminist glaciology framework generates robust analysis of gender, power, and epistemologies in dynamic social-ecological systems, thereby leading to more just and equitable science and human-ice interactions."  End quote.  It's important not to be sexist in your human-ice interactions.  You don't want to get the cold shoulder from an Ice Queen.    Can you imagine being threatened with prosecution if you laughed at that absurd study?  Many real scientists said they were dumbfounded by it.  They thought it had to be a joke, but it isn't.   Well, maybe this will help you keep a straight face.  That study was paid for with over $709,000 in grants of your tax money from the National Science Foundation.  The authors might be off-base about glaciers, but they must be experts at snowing grant committees.
Huckabee Joins Newsmax TV Live in Miami for 'Battleground Florida' Saturday morning.   http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/newsmax-tv-live-special-florida/2016/03/10/id/718561/
Remember the good old days, when Bernie Sanders supporters were complaining that there weren't enough debates?  Now, every time we turn on the TV, we're as likely to see Bernie and Hillary bickering as we are to see Fred and Ethel Mertz bickering.    The two were at it again Wednesday, for the first time since their Fox News Town Hall on Monday.  The latest debate was held in Miami for Univision, so the target audience for that night's pandering was Hispanics.  Both tried to outdo each other in promising to go even further than Obama in protecting and granting citizenship to – and this is the Washington Post's term – "immigrants in the United States without proper documentation."    That's a perfect example of George Carlin's observation about politically correct language: that the idea is to keep making terms longer and vaguer until you finally bleed all the meaning out of them.  Liberals disliked "illegal alien."  It was, to use a term Bernie applied to Donald Trump, "vulgar."  But it was clear and accurate.  It meant aliens who were in the US illegally.  Then it became "illegal immigrant," then "undocumented immigrant", and now "immigrant in the US without proper documentation."  That could be an Australian who became a Canadian citizen, then vacationed in the US and left his wallet at home.  I can't help wondering how Bernie or Hillary would react if someone broke into their bedrooms and refused to leave by claiming they weren't burglars or trespassers, they were "houseguests without proper documentation."  I have a feeling Bernie or Hillary would call the cops.
Once again, Vladimir Putin sees a power vacuum and steps in to fill it, this time in response to a threat by North Korea against South Korea and the United States.  Say, didn't we elect someone to stand up to threats against the United States?  Or is that another American job that's been outsourced?
Iran continues to show its utter contempt for any agreements limiting their nuclear aggression. While Joe Biden was visiting Israel to urge both sides to make peace (amid a flurry of Palestinian knife attacks on innocent Israelis), Iran was defying a UN resolution prohibiting Iran from testing ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear warheads. Iran not only tested two ballistic missiles, but multiple news sources report that one had "Israel should be wiped off the Earth" written on it in Hebrew.    You'd think that would be a clear enough message of Iran's intentions for anyone to grasp.  But when we have a President who was promoting Iran as our new partner in peace at the same time their parliament was chanting, "Death to America," then, as Strother Martin said in "Cool Hand Luke," "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."
ESPN is under fire for replacing Mike Ditka on the "Sunday NFL Countdown" show, just days after he criticized President Obama for not being a leader and voiced support for Donald Trump.  This wasn't even on ESPN, but in a radio interview.  I've been in TV long enough to know that such decisions are usually made well in advance, but it's sparked accusations of political retaliation.  ESPN declined to comment, but that will only feed the rumors.    If this isn't retaliation against Ditka for being a conservative, then ESPN needs to say so loud and clear.  Even media companies that don't participate in political blacklists are complicit in chilling free speech when they refuse to speak up and denounce the whole idea.
Former Democrat presidential candidate Jim Webb has just made a stunning announcement about who he's supporting for president.  This is not what ANYBODY expected, but you'd better believe it has one conservative candidate VERY happy.
Wow. Obama is going to be pretty furious about this. This bold sheriff held absolutely nothing back...  Are you glad this sheriff spoke out?
...union VA workers essentially have their jobs for life.
As he did with Antonin Scalia, President Obama will be skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral.  But at least he has an excuse this time:
This might date me, but remember when talk show hosts were actually able to hold conversations?  If you're tired of today's late night shows blasting you with either loud party games or DNC talking points, there is an alternative. The over-the-air channel Antenna TV now airs nightly reruns of the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson.  It's surprising how well they hold up.  If you could use a brief vacation from the news, here's a clip of the kind of clean, classy, non-political entertainment TV used to bring us, with Johnny's guests Groucho Marx, Jack Benny, Bob Hope and George Burns.
This is a beautiful story that reminds us not only of the sacrifices that police officers make for us all, but of the importance of fathers in the lives of children.  I warn you, the photos will definitely put a lump in your throat.
When we don't teach kids economics or history, we shouldn't be surprised when they fall for the siren song of socialism.  But people who've been forced to live under it know better.  One who knows very well how the game is played is Russian chess master Garry Kasparov.  He's penned a terrific rebuttal to all the American college students who keep lecturing him, a former Soviet citizen, on "the glories of socialism."  He calls it a "huge luxury" paid for by the successes of capitalism and built on the "dangerously absurd" notion that the solution to income inequality "is more government, more regulation, more debt and less risk."  Read the whole thing.  This man knows when someone is setting up the pawns to be sacrificed.
New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio, asked to explain a recent surge in violent crimes involving knives and razors, actually pointed to the slashings and stabbings as proof that his crackdown on guns is working.  Congratulations, you've proved that violent thugs will always find a way to attack and kill people.  Now, how about letting law-abiding citizens have guns so they can hold off knife-waving criminals from a safe distance?
My latest for Western Journalism...
Wow, this looks like fun!  One of the fastest-growing sports in America is proving popular with men, women and youth.  There's even a viral video of Keanu Reeves demonstrating his impressive ability at it.  And no, it's not soccer (sorry, America is not Europe).  This particular sport requires speed and skill with three different kinds of guns, including the AR-15 rifle that gives liberals the vapors.  Learn all about the cool new sport of 3-Gun here:
One other bit of political news for this afternoon: former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg announced that he will not run for President.  So fans of 7-11 Big Gulps can breathe easy...
Earlier this week Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders engaged in a Fox News Town Hall this week.  I know, Hillary and Bernie appearing on Fox News seems as unlikely as...well, frankly, there's nothing on Earth as unlikely as that.  Hillary has dodged Fox News for years – but then, she's not used to appearing in any forum where she might face tough questions.  She hasn't even held a press conference with the reporters traveling with her since December 4th of last year.    Pundits noted that Hillary especially seemed a bit antsy and over-caffeinated.  Although I thought the Fox News moderators went easier on her and Sanders than they did on us Republican candidates.  Maybe they were just so stunned that the two actually showed up that they thought they had to tread softly to keep from scaring them away, like birdwatchers tiptoeing past two rare loons.    The biggest news to come out of the Fox town hall was when Bret Baier actually questioned Hillary about the classified information on her email server.  She brushed it off by claiming that nothing was marked classified at the time, and that it's all so innocuous, it's absurd that it was marked classified at all.  Yet, out of the emails she deemed "work-related" and didn't delete, over 2,000 were found to have information at the lowest classified level of "confidential," 65 were branded "secret" and 22 were classified by the State Department as "top secret."  As for the excuse that they weren't labeled "classified" at the time, I guess we need a quick lesson in Remedial Email Security 101.  Not for her, I think she knows this already; but for anyone who might swallow the excuse that they weren't marked classified.    No, of course they weren't.  The Secretary of State is often the originator or one of the first people to receive sensitive communications.  They aren't marked "classified" because nobody whose job is to mark them "classified" has seen them yet.  As a top Cabinet official, she was supposed to know that some documents are "born classified."  That's why, to be safe, all of her communications should have been routed through a secure government server, not a private, jerry-rigged server in somebody's bathroom.
There's an old saying, "The road to Hell is paved with good intentions."  Liberal Congress members who passed financial reform legislation in the wake of the 2008 economic meltdown also claim they had the best intentions for consumers, but devils are streaming out of the details.  I wrote recently about the blizzard of new banking regulations (over 16,000 pages worth in 2013 alone) that's forcing hundreds of small town community banks to close, leaving consumers at the mercy of too-big-to-fail mega-banks.  Now, Obama's Labor Department has proposed a new rule that might block everyday working Americans from being able to access financial advice at all.    Its "good intention" is to protect consumers from shady financial advisers who have "conflicts of interest" because they receive payment from "any third party source." The practical effect is that it could censor financial radio hosts like Dave Ramsey and Suze Ormond from offering advice, because they're not paid by the callers.  A study of a similar law in the UK found that people who had less than $250,000 were left high and dry because most professional brokers wouldn't even talk to them.  This rule obviously seems to violate the First Amendment, but think how much damage it could cause before it finally gets thrown out by the Supreme Court – if the current SCOTUS would even throw out a law just because it's unconstitutional.  If you want to prevent the government from "helping" you into the poor house, read about this proposed rule change and let your Congress member know how you feel.     Personally, I'm not surprised that this Administration would want to shut down Dave Ramsey.  He helps people get out of debt by telling them to stop spending money on things they can't afford.  That goes against everything Obama stands for.
Friends, I have some big news to share. I am excited to announce the release of Easter in America, an animated film for kids that will teach them the incredible true story of how the spirit of Easter impacted American history! There's never been a movie like this before, and here's the best part – I am giving away a limited number of free DVDs plus free streaming access. Just visit freeeasterdvd.com/justforkids  With this very special free DVD, kids will learn how the important Easter concepts of sacrifice and rebirth have played a major role in American history, from the time of the earliest settlers through the Civil and World wars.  If you choose to receive the film, you will just need to cover $1 for s&p, and if you order now, you will be set up to receive future great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released to you at Learn Our History's regular price for each of its films. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic and faith based lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back. So there's no risk. Whether you choose to place an order or not, join me in keeping the spirit of Easter alive in America as the calendar turns to spring!
If you think you'd have to be on drugs to think launching a suicide attack is a good idea, you're right.  ISIS is not only drugging its suicide attackers, they might be making as much money in the drug trade as they are at selling stolen oil.

For all the liberals who are trying to tar Donald Trump (and by extension, every one of his supporters and ALL Republicans in general) with scurrilous accusations of racism or sympathy to the KKK, here's a slapback that they probably never expected.
Over the past few days, we've lost some very prominent Americans.  Grammy-nominated singer Joey Feek inspired us with her music as part of the husband-and-wife country/gospel duet Joey + Rory, and inspired us even more with her strong Christian faith as she coped with terminal cancer.  Joey Feek passed away peacefully at home last Friday at 40.    The inventor of email, Raymond Tomlinson, has also died at 74.  We could all take a tip from him.  He spent his last years raising miniature sheep and wasn't addicted to email.  In fact, attempts to reach his family for comment went unanswered.  Here's an idea: maybe reporters should try mailing them a letter.       Finally, let me add my voice to the millions who are saying prayers and expressing admiration for former First Lady Nancy Reagan, who has passed away at 94.  It's hard to imagine now, but when she was in the White House, she was often the victim of vicious and unfounded attacks about everything from her wardrobe to her personal medical decisions.  Fortunately, the ugly partisanship long since fell away, and news of her death brought messages of sorrow and praise from across the political spectrum.    In saying farewell to this strong, talented, elegant lady, we also say farewell to our most emotionally powerful connection to the Reagan Era.  Ron and Nancy married in 1952, and while their lives together had an immeasurable effect on the entire world for decades to come, through it all, theirs remained at heart a love story, one of the greatest of all time.  She was his wife, his sweetheart and his best friend. Ronnie called her his "rock," and she was that, not only during the toughest times of his presidency, including a devastating assassination attempt -- but also during his "long goodbye" as she stood by him faithfully while Alzheimer's deprived them of their well-earned happy retirement -- and even beyond his passing, when her own increasingly frail health didn't keep her from acting as a great champion and guardian of his legacy.     It was hard to picture either of them without the other.  For Nancy Reagan, the long years alone are at an end.  She's where she wanted to be: with her beloved Ronnie once again. And I'm certain he's been waiting for her, too.
...they've just announced a potential breakthrough.
There was another Democratic debate over the weekend, and Bernie and Hillary really went after each other.  It got so heated at times, it looked like a croquet mallet fight at the Old Socialists' Home.  My favorite moment came when Bernie said that when you're white, you don't know what it's like to be poor.  I think Bernie needs to get out of DC and let me show him around where I grew up.  For the record, the white poverty rate in America is 11.6 percent.  That's lower than the national average, but it means there are still about 23 million white people who have a pretty good idea of what it's like to be poor.   The media proclaimed Hillary the winner, then Bernie immediately went on to win Sunday's Maine Caucuses by 2-to-1.  Of course, Bernie was expected to do well because Democrats there are his dream demographic: Northeastern, very liberal, mostly white, and feeling guilty about not being poor.  But over the weekend, he trounced Hillary in three out of four states, by comfortable-to-ridiculous margins.  Still, with all her party insider super delegates, she leads him by 1130 to 499 delegates.  It's beginning to look as if the only way Bernie Sanders will ever pay for your college education is if you can find someone dumb enough to bet you the amount of your student loans that he'll actually be the Democratic nominee.
If the Republican Establishment manages to take down Donald Trump, they'd better watch out.  His supporters might flock to another blunt-talking leader who knows how to win, and he could even be the first Republican in decades to win in Chicago.  I'm referring to former Bears coach, Mike Ditka.  Check out what he had to say about President Obama and the current political landscape.  Think he might have a future in politics?
When you erode belief in the sacredness of life, you start down a slippery slope of cheapening it that makes it easier and easier to throw it away.  This is an inspiring story of a wife who refused to listen to doctors who urged her to pull the plug on her husband, who was in a coma following a terrible motorcycle accident.  She believed it was in God's hands.  So she gave up his life support, but she didn't give up on his life.  She took him home to care for him herself.  And three months later…Well, I'll let you read the rest.
This is a heartwarming story about how the family and friends of a New Hampshire widow teamed up with her local bank to give her a wonderful surprise.  It's also a good opportunity to point out why it's so important to preserve and protect community banks.     Current heavy-handed financial regulations may have been well-intended, but the practical result is that only too-big-to-fail Wall Street banks can afford the cost of dealing with them.  How can small town banks possibly keep up with federal regulations when over 16,000 pages of new  ones were issued just in 2013?    Answer: they can't.  That's why hundreds of community banks have shuttered over the past few years, and there's no relief in sight.  Power and money are being concentrated in a handful of giant banks with no incentive to serve small businesses and individuals.  This was all done by Congress in the name of helping consumers.  That's why one of the three biggest lies of all time is "I'm from Washington, and I'm here to help you."
Upon the sad news of Nancy Reagan's passing at age 94, it's hard to know where to start in writing about this strong, talented, elegant former First Lady.  No words seem adequate.  We've lost our most emotionally powerful connection to the Reagan Era.  Though in recent years, with the coming of advanced age, she appeared increasingly frail, she was no doubt one of the most quietly resilient women --- Reagan's "rock" before, during and long after his Presidency --- who have ever served in public life.  I think I'd like to focus for now on her loving relationship with "Ronnie," and how deeply it touches us all on this day.   Cynics say if you want a friend in Washington, get a dog, but Ronald Reagan was lucky to have his real best friend at his side throughout his time in politics.  I know what that can mean for one's personal happiness and success, because I can say with no exaggeration that I share such good fortune --- I'm blessed to be married to my best friend.  Obviously, we've seen politicians in our history go far even with a difficult marital relationship (Abraham Lincoln comes to mind, among others), there is just no substitute for the love and support of a loyal spouse when doing the hardest job in the world.  George Will has described Ron and Nancy as "the most married couple" he's ever met and relates the story that when Ron would be sitting across the room from her, he'd typically be writing love notes to her.   We remember the glamorous parties and Hollywood friends, though it's hard to imagine now that a conservative Republican would have enough Hollywood friends to get up a bridge game.  But the Reagans, shoulder to shoulder, weathered many storms:  unrelenting, hateful criticism from liberals, much of it directed at her personally, and even an attempted assassination that seriously wounded the President.  We know it dismayed and even traumatized her to find that she couldn't deflect the literal "incoming" aimed at him.   It's hard to imagine either of them without the other, but as her husband slowly disappeared into Alzheimer's, she did find herself alone and missing him with all her heart during that "long goodbye" and the quiet, painful years after.  She had looked forward to spending their last years together, with memories of their extraordinary shared adventure, but it was not to be.   But she joins her husband now, and we can be certain that is where she wanted to be.
Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, who battled the Obama Administration for years over its refusal to secure the border and enforce immigration laws, spoke out on why she endorsed Donald Trump and why she's so disappointed in Mitt Romney and the GOP in general.  See her interview with Greta Van Susteren here:
A lot of people were shocked that Donald Trump didn't appear at CPAC.  But Arnold Steinberg does a good job of analyzing Trump's thinking and his maneuvers leading into today's primaries.  If you really get into the strategery of politics, then you'll enjoy this walk through the tall weeds of campaign tactics.
As expected, Dr. Ben Carson officially ended his presidential campaign.  But he intends to stay involved with politics, encouraging members of the faith community to make their voices heard.  Check out this story for details on his future plans and his advice to voters on what to look for in a candidate.
Latest government jobs report:  242,000 new jobs created in February, unemployment at 4.9%.  Yet both hourly wages and number of hours worked dropped, and there are still 93,688,000 Americans out of the work force.  One economist said the good numbers show "the resilience of the economy." Agreed: the US economy is so strong, it's continuing to function despite all federal efforts.  Giving credit for any positive business trends to current government policies is like hanging an anchor around a swimmer's neck, and if he's strong enough that he manages to tread water anyway, you give credit to the anchor for keeping him afloat.
Comic Dennis Miller's suggestion would have greatly improved last night's debate.  He said the candidates should have just put on Go Pro cameras and wandered around Detroit to show Americans the results of 54 years of solid Democratic rule.   Here's Miller's latest appearance on Bill O'Reilly's show:
Judge Andrew Napolitano discusses what it means that the staffer who set up Hillary Clinton's private email server has been granted full immunity from prosecution to testify.  Hint: it's not good.  Hillary's spokesperson claims that her campaign is "pleased" at this development.  If you buy that, I have a vacant lot in the Whitewater development I'd like to sell you.     As one legal blogger tweeted, when the FBI gives immunity to a witness in an investigation of one of his clients, he generally asks for a big increase in his fee deposit.
...he accomplished more than some of us could in 10 healthy lifetimes. My latest post for Western Journalism ->>>
Oh boy, this is definitely not good. When a top insider comes out and says this, you know that things are not going WELL. This is absolutely worrying!  Do you think that Obama is one of the worst presidents ever?
I love a good dog story, and this is especially heartwarming.  This little girl no longer needs crutches because she's got her Great Dane to lean on.
Faced with an overwhelming wave of lawless migrants, Europeans have taken a break from slamming Donald Trump for wanting to build a border wall and turned their attention to…building border walls.  Check out the shiny razor wire on that 19-mile double fence between Macedonia and Greece.     There's also now a 13-foot-high razor wire-topped fence on Hungary's border that's resulted in a big drop in migrants from Serbia and Croatia.  The reaction from the left reminds me of the outraged protests that greeted Israel's decision to build a security wall on the West Bank, but since it was completed, the wave of suicide and bomb attacks has come to a complete halt.     It's funny how liberal politicians and media figures love to lecture us about how foolish we are to think that walls and guns increase security, yet they all live in gated communities with armed guards.
Dr. Ben Carson won't be joining tonight's GOP debate.  He said that he now sees "no way forward" to the nomination, and a source told the Washington Examiner that he will announce tomorrow that he's suspending his campaign.  Having been in his position, I sympathize with his reluctance to end a campaign that not only you, but your family, friends and supporters, have put so much time, effort and passion into.  It's almost as tough a decision to end a campaign as it is to launch one.  Dr. Carson will be missed; his soft-spoken wit and genuine humanity elevated some occasionally juvenile debates.  Let's hope there's a place for him in the next Republican Administration in 2017.
This is just one of many reasons why people love Chick-fil-A: they're testing a "Cell Phone Chicken Coop." Families who put their cell phones into the "coop" (actually, a box) and spend their entire meal communicating with each other instead of phoning, surfing and texting get free ice cream.  Thank you, Chick-fil-A, for taking a stand against the rude and annoying trend of using cell phones at the table.  I will happily pass this idea on, but I'll wait until after dinner to do it.  Some people are even asking to buy the "coops" so they can have cell phone-free family dinners at home.  What do you say, would you lock up your family's phones during dinner to get them to talk to each other in person?
This little girl broke military protocol for her daddy's homecoming ceremony at Fort Carson.  But her reaction is so heartwarming, I don't think the brass minded.  I loved the video, but was also interested to learn that there is a children's book just for military families, to help small children cope with a parent's deployment.  There's even a special edition just for Navy families.  If you know anyone who could use that, please follow the link for more info.  Military families face so many challenges and sacrifices that we should all help lighten their burdens in any way we can. God bless you and your family if you serve or have served in our military. - Mike
We just lost another great from the Golden Age of TV and movies when George Kennedy died at 91.  His was one of those faces we all grew up with, usually as cops and tough guys, from his serious Oscar-winning performance in "Cool Hand Luke" to Leslie Nielsen's sidekick in the hilarious "Naked Gun" movies.  But like many actors of his generation, he wasn't just a pretty face or a college-trained thespian.     Right out of high school in 1943, he enlisted in the Army at the height of World War II, hoping to become a pilot.  But he landed in the infantry, served under Gen. George Patton, and earned a chestful of decorations, including two Bronze Stars. He actually planned to make the military his career, and only became an actor by chance.  While working in Armed Forces Radio and Television, he was loaned out as a technical advisor to the Army TV sitcom, "Sgt. Bilko."  When the star, Phil Silvers, learned how little Kennedy was paid, he started giving him extra parts and the occasional speaking role to help out.  That was the start of his acting career.     The fact that George Kennedy passed away on the same day as the uber-liberal Oscar telecast was a sad reminder of how much Hollywood has changed.  Once upon a time, our movie stars weren't just bigger than life, they had lived real life beyond the privileged Hollywood bubble.  They respected their audiences and they loved America, because they came from the same places and put their lives on the line fighting to protect America's freedoms.  It gave them an authenticity that many modern stars lack.  George Kennedy seemed like the real deal on screen because he was the real deal off-screen.
Even President Obama's own Defense Secretary Ash Carter has now admitted that many of the remaining Gitmo detainees are too dangerous to release to any other nation – and as for moving them to American soil, that would be in violation of a law passed by a bipartisan vote of Congress. For any other President, being told that his plan was not only dangerous but illegal might dissuade him from moving forward.  With this President, you can't make that assumption. Click the link to hear Carter pour cold water on this not-so-hot idea.
In case you missed Gov. Huckabee this morning....
If you listen to anti-gun crusaders, you would think there are no instances in which a law-abiding gun owner stops a crime.  Don't tell that to this disabled, 71-year-old man from Hickory, North Carolina…
It must be awfully frustrating for liberals in the media when minorities refuse to conform to their preconceived stereotypes.  Frustrating for them, but hilarious to the rest of us.
For those of you keeping score on Hillary Clinton's emails, this week, the State Department finally finished complying with a judge's order and released the last of her official government emails that passed through her unsecured private server.  The final batch includes 23 documents labeled "secret," which brings the final tally of documents classified as "confidential" or higher to 2,079.  Which is 2,079 more than she said there were, and at least 2078 more than would have landed most government officials in serious legal trouble.     But it's not over yet: Judicial Watch has filed a FOIA lawsuit, seeking the tens of thousands of emails that Hillary took it upon herself to declare as personal (yoga classes, wedding plans, etc.) and erase.  The judge said he's inclined to agree with that request. And aside from the FBI investigation (Director James Comey just assured Congress that he is closely involved in that, and while he can't reveal details, it's proceeding "independently, competently and promptly"), there's also an internal State Department probe into how all that classified information ended up in her emails.  A spokesman said they're not going to "rush to judgement," so it's possible it won't even be completed until after the November elections.    Let's just hope that voters remember, before they pull the lever for Hillary, that they might be electing the first US President who can't even get a security clearance. Read more here -->    http://hucka.be/3F17ds
There's so much negativity in the news these days, much of it centered around the same recurring themes, such as bad behavior by professional athletes, attacks on cops, and racial tension between African-Americans and the police.  That's why this is such a remarkable story: because it shatters every media stereotype.    It started with a tragedy: police officer Ashley Guindon of Woodbridge, Virginia, was shot and killed Saturday, and two of her fellow officers were wounded, while responding to a domestic violence call.  In her honor, University of Virginia cornerback and top NFL prospect Maurice Canady wrote a tribute on the cleats he wore in the 40-yard dash: "Officer Guindon – 2/27/16 – Never Forget."  He gave one shoe to her family and plans to auction the other to raise money to benefit her survivors.     What moved him to do this?  She was a white police officer, and he's a black professional athlete.  According to the standard media stereotypes, he shouldn't care.  Well, they were both fellow Virginians.  Canady's aunt was murdered, so he knows the pain of losing a loved one to violence.  And his cousin is a police officer.  But most importantly, their races and occupations were irrelevant.  He did what he did because Officer Guindon was a hero who gave her life to protect others.  And Maurice Canady is a good man with a great heart.    These are the type of people who should be role models for us all, but because of the news media's preoccupation with negativity, they don't get covered in the news very often.  Maybe our whole society would be better off if they did.
People ask me sometimes what it takes to be a "Huck's Hero." Here's the easiest way I know: the next time you have a chance to do something nice for a veteran, just be like the folks in this story and do it:
Judge Jeanine Shapiro of Fox News is issuing a DIRE warning to all Christians. It may already be too late...  Do you agree with Judge Jeanine's warning?
Prior to Super Tuesday, endorsements came thick and fast in the GOP race.  Some of the more interesting: former Obama Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood endorsed a Republican, John Kasich… Sen. Jeff Sessions, a leading opponent of illegal immigration, endorsed Donald Trump instead of his Senate compatriot Ted Cruz…and former KKK leader David Duke endorsed Trump.  Trump disavowed his endorsement.  But he's taking a lot of flak for saying he didn't know Duke and not disavowing him fast enough, as if there were any possibility that Donald Trump was actually sympathetic to the KKK.    It's a well-worn tactic to tar a candidate.  Just because someone unsavory endorses you, that doesn't mean you endorse them.  Even Ronald Reagan had to repudiate a Klan endorsement, and he did so forcefully and eloquently.  The attacks on Trump over this mostly came from fellow Republicans.  Before Democrats try to tie the KKK to Republicans, they might want to remember all the things they named after Robert Byrd...
The legendary B-52 has been serving in our Air Force since Dwight Eisenhower was president. It's an icon of American military might, so you can bet it would take something amazing to replace it.  The Air Force just revealed its replacement, and jaws were hitting the floor... this is UNREAL.
I've already said that I'm not going to endorse anyone, but I will go you one better.  I know a lot of people are warning that if you vote for the wrong candidate, your party will surely lose the general election, or that you have to vote for someone other than your first choice because only your third choice is capable of knocking out their last choice.    It's so complicated that I'm just going to tell you who to vote for on Super Tuesday.  Grab a pencil and write this down.  Ready?  Here goes:  Vote for the candidate that you like the best.  Not the one the polls say has the best chance of beating Hillary, or that the pundits say can knock out Trump, or whatever other convoluted angle they want you to consider.  Put all that out of your mind and just vote for the person who best represents your views.  The election is a long way off, polls change every day, and nobody becomes the nominee until the voters say so.  Don't let anyone else's polls, prognostications and political chess games take away your right to support the candidate you like best.  The decision is yours to make.  So make it.
Jesus said it best: "What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world and loses his soul?"
It's "Super Tuesday" week, but despite its super name, most kids don't know what today is all about.  As caring parents and grandparents, we need to find entertaining ways to help our kids learn the complicated presidential election process. That's why my team at Learn Our History put together our latest DVD called "Election Day: Choosing Our President", and for a limited time, we're giving it away for free at freeelectiondvd.com/kids.   If you'd like one of these free DVDs for the kids in your family, you won't want to wait.  Parents and grandparents everywhere are ordering these for their kids while we're still giving them away for free. Learn Our History created this entertaining, animated film to make it fun for kids to learn about the complicated election process.  From learning the difference between a primary and a caucus and the reason for debates, to understanding that the Electoral College is not a place for higher learning, "Election Day" helps kids to understand all the election talk they're hearing—and will get them excited about their own voting futures!  If you choose to receive the film, you'll just be asked to cover $1 s&p for the DVD.  You'll also get access to stream the video online, giving your kids two easy ways to watch. Plus, Learn Our History is even including fun printable learning guides that help to reinforce the lessons from the film.  And, when you order, you'll also be set up to receive other great films from Learn Our History about important events in American history as they are released about once a month at an affordable, low price. Of course, since this is a free offer, there's no obligation or commitment. But you'll love the positive, patriotic history lessons that your children or grandchildren will learn. Plus, Learn Our History always guarantees that kids will learn and have fun, or your money back, so there's no risk whatsoever.  Whether or not you choose to place an order for your free copy of "Election Day", please remember that our children represent the future of our country and that there's never been a better time to teach them how the presidential election process works!
No wonder there's such a disconnect between regular Americans and elites...read my latest writing for Western Journalism.
Joe Biden gave Mexico an unsolicited and unapproved apology for the immigration enforcement rhetoric of the Republican candidates.  Naturally, he didn't demand an apology from Mexico for all the problems caused by illegal immigration, or for the outrageous treatment of US Marine veteran Andrew Tahmooressi, who was held in a Mexican jail without his medication for seven months for making a wrong turn.  Mexico gave us a perfect demonstration of the compassion with which they treat people who cross their border illegally, and if they've apologized for it officially, I haven't heard about it.     This is standard procedure for the Obama Administration.  They're going out the same way they came in: apologizing to other countries for America's alleged shortcomings.  They still have 10 months to apologize to Americans for their own record on the economy, job creation, border enforcement, race relations, the rule of law, defending the Constitution and a host of other things, but I'm not holding my breath for that FTD bouquet to arrive.    Are you okay with the Obama Administration apologizing to foreign governments for Republican criticisms of them, or do you think they're the ones who owe America an apology?
Nearly 1600 pages of previously-undisclosed Hillary Clinton emails were released Friday to the House Select Committee on Benghazi.  Of those, 88 contained classified information (the lowest level of secrecy, but still not something that should be flowing through an unsecure server in a bathroom).  If you're keeping score, that's 1,818 emails containing classified information so far, or 1,818 more than Hillary first claimed there were.  That number could rise yet again: the State Department is under a judge's order to finish releasing all the emails by Monday, and they had only this past weekend to finish vetting 2,000 more pages.  If they hit the deadline, it will make for a historic first: releasing a batch of Hillary Clinton emails anytime other than in a Friday night document dump.
There is an excellent film in theaters right now called "Risen" that combines a pro-faith message with an exciting historical epic.  Another I'm looking forward to seeing is "Miracles From Heaven," based on the true story of a little girl whose survival of a serious illness and a near-death experience brought her family closer to God.  It also had the surprising side benefit of bringing its star, Jennifer Garner, back to the Methodist church she grew up in but had drifted away from after moving to Los Angeles.    It probably won't surprise you that Ms Garner says that in the Hollywood culture, people don't go to church, they don't even talk about religious faith, and that "it's become very political."  But thanks to her experience making this film, and her own children's pleas, her family is now back in church every Sunday.   I'd say that's a far better endorsement for this film than an Oscar any day.
Here is a round-up of the latest polls before Super Tuesday.  One caveat: all these polls were taken before last Thursday's debate and Rubio's weekend-long barrage against Trump.  As to whether all that had an effect, Tuesday's primary elections will tell us before the polls do.  But then, as I like to remind the media, usually to no avail, elections are the only polls that matter anyway.
Our colleges are hotbeds of anti-capitalist propaganda, where school officials and faculty encourage students to protest income inequality, overpaid CEOs and rising student loan debt.  Wonder how many of them tell their students that the average college president makes over $200,000 a year more than the average CEO?  Oops!  College presidents even make more in a year than Hillary Clinton charges for a speech (speaking of things that your high tuition pays for)…
This story is serious, but I couldn't help laughing.  It's about a trendy new supermarket in Denmark pioneering the fight against food waste by selling food that's past its expiration date but still edible, at reduced prices.  Where I come from, we call that brilliant new hipster eco-trend "the day-old bread store" or "the discount produce rack," where slightly wrinkly green peppers and banana-bread quality bananas go for a buck a bag.    Of course, when I was a kid, we had an even more effective weapon for combating food waste:  Moms who would tell us, "Clean your plate!  People are starving in China!"  These days, moms in China must look at our movie stars and fashion models and tell their kids, "Clean your plate!  People are starving in America!"
I know first-hand that Megyn Kelly isn't afraid to ask the tough questions, and she just asked Ben Carson something that everyone is wondering. The answer she got raised everyone's eyebrows...
You might have heard that my daughter Sarah, who worked on my campaigns, has now taken a position with the Trump campaign.  Some pundits are reading a lot into that.  All it means is that she likes Trump and he recognizes that she's very good at her job and is a valuable asset to his team.  As for me, it won't affect my commentaries in any way.  Despite all the baseless conjecture in the media, I haven't endorsed any candidate and have no plans to, anytime soon.  But I promise, if you just keep listening to this podcast, and following my Facebook and Twitter pages, I will keep bringing you all the information you need to make up your own mind!
I visited with my friend James Robison yesterday for an article in "The Stream."  I think you'll enjoy it.
HOW LONG IS A YEAR?   http://hucka.be/xNucAH
http://hucka.be/pkIWJD
On Now!
President Obama is making a last-ditch effort to close the terrorist detention camp at Guantanamo Bay.  Incidentally, the White House claims there are no plans to hand over our entire Cuban military base to the Castros, just to close the detention facility.  There are 91 detainees left.  Obama's plan isn't specific about where they'll go.  Some would presumably be sent back to their home countries, which don't want them.  Others would be moved to US prisons, which would cost hundreds of millions of dollars for new secure prison facilities, not to mention that Americans don't want them on American soil, either.  Or they could be released, except that about one in three Gitmo detainees who've been released have gone back to waging war and terror attacks against Americans.  Even as Obama was announcing his plan, Spanish authorities were announcing the arrest of a former Gitmo detainee for being part of an alleged ISIS recruiting cell...
I'll be on Fox Business Network at 1pm EST today to talk with Neil Cavuto; and at 11pm EST, I'll be a guest on Newsmax TV to talk about the debate tonight in Houston.  I hope you can check local times and channel and watch and then post what YOU think.
Why the elites and establishment are wringing their hands---you'd think they understand politics better!  My latest for Western Journalism...
Sometimes in our political discourse, there's an irony so rich, a humor so intense, that it actually brings a bit of entertainment value to the passing parade of idiocy and frustration.  Here's my latest post for Western Journalism
I've got to say this Fox News commentator made a really great point about Obama and the late Justice Scalia. She certainly didn't win any points with the White House for this...OUCH!  But she won points with me!  Do you agree with Andrea Tantaros here?
It's time for Mr Bean and Teddy to get ready for their camping trip!


Mr Bean is ready to do some shopping but beware - Teddy Thieves are on the loose!

Mr. Bean's sweet treat causes him pain!
Mr Bean's chasing a ray of sunshine! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-AhlualVO0
Mr Bean is enjoying the sunshine....that is until someone gets in the way! https://youtu.be/EB_HBrKEgzM


Mr Bean competes with a Royal Guard.  Can he break his focus? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcSP39U4EgU

HAPPY GEEK PRIDE DAY! Watch Mr Bean's geeky moments. https://youtu.be/6aK2CKrdjbE
Cooking Sunday lunch? Here's how not to do it!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2545atoypgs

Mr Bean shows you how to get that all important parking spot!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtQyyzpzvV0
Having sleeping troubles? Let Mr. Bean show you how to best count sheep.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HGXTMoGWGA

Happy Mother's Day!  Aren't you glad Mr. Bean's not your Mum. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGYJSC7l7Lg
Brand New Friday Fun!  Will Mr Bean get his "Just Desserts"
Relive the very best of Mr. Bean's very worst moments! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycNHISztqTo
It's International Dance Day! Mr Bean has got dancing feet, do you? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FreVBXXyyME
Caption this...
Monday mornings, Mr. Bean style! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLu50mAoXxo
Happy Earth Day! Mr Bean is doing his bit to look after the Earth, are you? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwSQNpd-PuQ


Mr. Bean demonstrates the correct etiquette when eating at a restaurant. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZAXuVBuh70

Warning: Don't try this at home! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExuzMIB37v8
Happy Golfer's Day! Fancy some golfing tips from Mr. Bean? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvl83EHZQ7A

Summer is coming and you know what that means…ice cream!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnstTpAA79A
Mr. Bean tries, before he buys!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkQ1FqAi9A8


What could it be…? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI9KNDuta2Q
Mr. Bean's unusual way of changing his money. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUw-VpbebzU
Did you find all 11 easter eggs? HAPPY EASTER!!
Teddy has hidden 11 easter eggs but Mr Bean can't find any of them! Can you help him find all 11 eggs in time for Easter? Check back tomorrow for answers.
When a simple "excuse me" won't do! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQEOlZRVRuo
Rowan Atkinson officially says he will never wave goodbye to Mr Bean! Check out the Radio Times article below.   http://www.radiotimes.com/news/2016-03-21/rowan-atkinson-i-will-never-wave-goodbye-to-mr-bean
It's International Day of Happiness today! Spread the love by tagging your friends in this video of Mr. Bean's happiest moments and share happy thoughts with all your favourite people. #internationaldayofhappiness #beanhappy
Mr Bean was ahead of his time with his dance moves   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC34lSwLDUg


Happy Napping Day! Mr. Bean always makes time for a nap! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SgqPejO7s0
Happy Friday!
Its Pack Your Lunch Day!!! Mr Bean has made his packed lunch, have you? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B84pS6JTI9A
A different twist on a classic sleeping method! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kO6tn-at4UQ
What score out of 10 would you award Mr Bean for this high dive? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzU0M9tPezI
Happy Friday!!
Mr Bean and Teddy learn a valuable lesson about messing around with lifts!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkNOwkgxXx4
Mr. Bean is having fun at the Country Fete, not sure anyone else is! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRpUauseTVw
Look at this AMAZING Mr. Bean made out of Lego by Brothers Brick! Do you remember this scene? Click below to watch it!  http://www.brothers-brick.com/2016/02/10/even-in-lego-mr-bean-travels-in-comfort/
Watch Mr Bean plan his great escape… https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDEyJEoyZKs
"The British people have voted to leave the European Union and their will must be respected." #Brexit #EUref
"This will be a victory for real people, a victory for ordinary people, a victory for decent people," U.K. Independence Party leader Nigel Farage, a key figure in the "Leave" campaign, declared. #Brexit #EUReferendum   Full story: http://nbcnews.to/28TCBNB
DEVELOPING: It's official. U.K. voters have voted to leave the European Union.  "We have our country back," tweeted U.K. Independence Party leader Nigel Farage, a key figure in the "Leave" campaign.
"The most important thing for the Republican party is the Supreme Court. I think that's one, two and three."  - GOP donor Jerry Mores
A record-setting 46.5 million people were registered to cast their ballot over what has been dubbed the "Brexit" question.
Against all odds, Trump is the presumptive GOP nominee.
The Brexit vote has huge ramifications not just in Europe, but here at home too.
Think the stakes of the election are high? Imagine being an American citizen with a parent who's an undocumented immigrant.
Donald J. Trump said the Bush/Cheney administration lied the nation into a disastrous war. So why is Donald Rumsfeld endorsing his candidacy?
The UK vote could change the course of Europe.
"I am so disappointed. I believed in the law and they really let us down."  - Maria De León, a mother living in Maryland without legal status
Tonight, Rep. Cedric Richmond will try to lead his Democratic colleagues to their eighth consecutive win over Republicans.
Now all of the men in the iconic photo have been identified.
President Obama has sought to rewrite a legacy that had some dubbing him "the deporter-in-chief."
Democratic support was unanimous, and they were joined by seven Republicans.
There will be an intense focus on the 1915 massacre of 1.5 million ethnic Armenians.
"She shouldn't have had a personal server. She shouldn't have had it. It's illegal."  - Donald J. Trump slams Hillary Clinton's email scandal  Don't miss the presumptive GOP nominee in a one-on-one with Lester Holt tonight. Tune in to NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt at 6:30 p.m.
After 26 hours, House Democrats ended their sit-in protest over gun control legislation.  Read more about the sit-in: http://on.msnbc.com/28Q6KvV
Syed's supervisor suspended him without pay when he refused to trim his beard.
The Civil Rights icon has faced angry mobs, jail, and a beating by cops wielding night sticks that fractured his skull.
He does a spot-on Donald J. Trump and Bernie Sanders impression.
Investigators had been holding out hope that some family members might still be alive, especially after spotting what they thought was a flare overnight.
Can a GOP divided still stand?
One official at the cemetery said "he is entitled to be buried like everyone else."
"The fight is not over … we will continue to push, to pull, to stand up, and — if necessary — to sit down."  Rep. John Lewis delivers a passionate speech after House Democrats end gun control sit-in: http://nbcnews.to/28PNctj
"This is Congress ... and they're descending it into chaos."  - Speaker Paul Ryan
"Immigration is not something to fear. We don't have to wall ourselves off from those who may not look like us right now or pray like we do or have a different last name, because being an American is about something more than that."  - President Obama reacts to the Supreme Court's split ruling on immigration: http://on.msnbc.com/28OlzxT
"I wonder how long we're going to continue to let three or four people in the national headquarters of the National Rifle Association in Washington, DC continue to put the Republican Party in a bad position when 85% of Republicans support this as well?" - Joe Scarborough, host of Morning Joe
Senator Elizabeth Warren also stopped by with boxes of Dunkin' Donuts.
JUST IN
BREAKING: Officer Caesar Goodson acquitted on all charges in Freddie Gray death.  Watch more here: http://on.msnbc.com/28Rr2Ip
BREAKING
BREAKING
Angry Democrats chanted #NoBillNoBreak and waved pieces of paper with the names of victims of gun violence.
"Why don't we try to prevent the next Oklahoma City instead of sitting back and acting like this doesn't actually make sense to stop people who are on a terror watch list from being able to walk into a gun store and get an AR-15? Doesn't that make sense to you?" - Joe Scarborough questions Oklahoma Rep. Tom Cole
Support wasn't only sent in the form of pizzas and care packages...
"The FWC is confident that the alligator responsible for the attack has been removed," the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said in a statement.
"Ignorant of what it gives us, we take the benefits for EU membership for granted."  - J.K. Rowling
Promises, promises.
Civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis compares the Democrats' historic sit-in to Selma: "We have other bridges to cross."   More here: http://nbcnews.to/28QKhC2
The U.S. House turns chaotic as Republicans try to end a sit-in by Democrats demanding a vote on gun control legislation.
Watch House Democrats sing "We Shall Overcome" during a historic sit-in to demand action on gun-control legislation.   Read more: http://nbcnews.to/28OBYp7
"Give us a vote!" Democrats chanted as House Republicans tried to break their sit-in.  Read more: http://on.msnbc.com/28Ow0Th
BREAKING: Chaos breaks out on floor as Speaker Paul Ryan reconvenes the House.  More: http://on.msnbc.com/28WiMm3
It's the closest Bernie Sanders has come to conceding.
Can the approach win over Bernie Sanders supporters?
It's hard to even know where to start; the lie-to-sentence ratio approached one to one, Steven Benen writes.
Key party officials implored Marco Rubio to seek a second term, even though the former presidential candidate spent months saying he was leaving the Senate.
But will it work?
A new kind of gun control could be on the rise.
No phones allowed.

Donald J. Trump took aim at Hillary Clinton's Wall Street speeches and foreign policy experience in a speech Wednesday, but he used some debunked claims to make his case.   Read more fact-checking of the speech here: http://nbcnews.to/28NQcUH
The plan relies on individual tax credits to allow people to buy coverage from private insurers.
Stories have surfaced alleging that the site excludes African Americans and other minorities from booking rooms through the online service.
"We must remove the blinders. The time for silence and patience is long gone."   - Rep. John Lewis, as he leads House Democrats in a staged sit-in to force a vote on gun control legislation  Watch Live: http://nbcnews.to/28NkT9S
President Obama toured Europe as a candidate in 2008, and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney traveled to England, Israel and Poland.
WATCH LIVE
Meanwhile, rumor has it that Donald J. Trump is planning a "sports night" for the RNC.
The Coast Guard has now made disheartening discoveries: life jackets and two empty kayaks.
The wait is over...
The buck stops here...
"We even finish each other's walls!"
Donald J. Trump claims Hillary Clinton "is a world class liar." Here's what our experts have to say:
"On top of it all is the risk that a loss ... could damage his viability for another presidential run, especially after already losing his home state during the GOP presidential primary season." - NBC News senior political editor Mark Murray
"We have to occupy the floor of the House until there is action." - Rep. John Lewis, D-Georgia
"It's not just the end of an era. It feels like the end of a way of life in a way."   Other Music, one of the country's preeminent record stores, will shut its doors on Saturday: http://on.msnbc.com/28MRY5T
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States." - Donald J. Trump
This 18-year-old was allegedly texting with ISIS figures overseas.
JUST IN
"I own an AR-15. If you're on this list, it doesn't bother me one bit that you can't buy one right away." - Lindsey Graham
Hillary Clinton or Donald J. Trump?
It's being called the first real test of "Trump 2.0."
Here's a look at the voters who took over the Republican Party.
"He just makes me feel comfortable and safe. And I like to listen to him, I think he has common sense."  - Cherie, a 48-year-old hairstylist on why she supports Donald J. Trump
The new rules will take effect in late August.
Composer Richard Einhorn describes the morning he lost his hearing as "easily the most horrible day" of his life.  Learn more about how he has learned to live and work through his condition: http://on.msnbc.com/28TJ1ed
Garrett Jurss, a gay man, was turned away last week after attempting to donate blood following the Orlando massacre.
"I want to stimulate the economy in a different way, from the perspective of 'making Puerto Rico great again.'"  - Carmelo Anthony discusses how he plans to use sports to aid the Puerto Rican economic crisis: http://on.msnbc.com/28LVela
More than 4,700 firefighters are battling six active wildfires in California.
Mateen purchased the tickets for his family to visit his ailing mother-in-law.
Wendy Bell is now suing the station that fired her.
At least a dozen protesters were arrested outside the NRA's headquarters where activists painted their hands red and staged a die-in.  Read more about the gun control legislation protesers blame the NRA for blocking: http://nbcnews.to/28MqNtu
Lynch assured first responders and families of victims that officials are working on getting answers in the wake of the Orlando attack.
It's #NationalSelfieDay! Here are some of the most memorable (and most awkward) snaps from politicians on the trail.   For more: http://on.msnbc.com/28OOe82
For criminal-defense attorneys in D.C., this has been a Congress to remember.
"We don't know anything about Hillary in terms of religion," Donald J. Trump said.
This is what raised a "red flag" for Mohammed Malik.
North Carolina has the strictest voting law in the nation.
And she's not willing to roll the dice.
She's back...
If you read one thing today, this should be it.
"What we saw last night on the United States Senate was a shameful display of cowardice," Josh Earnest said after the Senate failed to pass gun reform measures.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch on the Orlando shooting: "It is indeed a cruel irony that a community that is defined almost exclusively by who they love is so often a target of hate."
Senator Chris Murphy says Donald J. Trump "took a position that was more extreme than the NRA itself" after the Orlando massacre.
Will Donald J. Trump's decision to drop campaign manager Corey Lewandowski help his standing inside the GOP ?
Hillary Clinton bashes Donald J. Trump on his business record: "He's written a lot of books about business – they all seem to end at Chapter 11."  Watch more: http://on.msnbc.com/28Lr7bH
Authorities say this 19-year-old man went to a Las Vegas rally with a plan: to kill Donald J. Trump.  More here: http://on.msnbc.com/28Ll1s1
Team Trump spent close to $700,000 on campaign swag — plus more than $200,000 on those ubiquitous "Make America Great Again" hats.
While the electorate remains rigidly polarized, independent voters could be key to a victory in November.
"With all that's happening in the world today, I've never felt stronger about the importance of the second amendment in protecting our homeland than I do now." - Greg Evers
"I understand money better than anybody," Donald J. Trump  says.
Europe's abortion battle is now being waged in the sky.
#TrumpSoPoor began trending hours after these filings were released...
President Obama tosses a curve ball...
"I have not received any calls from the 'Never Trump' or 'Free the Delegates' groups to persuade me for this."   - David Wheeler, one of South Dakota's two delegates on the convention rules committee
Four former presidential nominees plan to skip the GOP convention.
"We ran a small, beautiful, unified campaign" during the primaries ... but "we're going to go a little bit of a different route."  - Donald J. Trump
"Across the world industry is pushing ever deeper into new territory, driven by consumer demand for products like timber, minerals and palm oil."  - Global Witness
The man said he went to a gun range the day before to learn to shoot.
"Working for Sen. Sanders, I saw the incredible power of young people to reshape American politics and push a broad-based progressive agenda."  - Zack Malitz, former deputy director of Bernie Sanders' digital organizing team and who will now lead campus organizing for NextGen.
"The Office" star bares his soul.
"How is it possible that a presidential candidate with Hitlerian beliefs, a bellicose man who without having maximum power in the U.S., has done so much damage."  - Kate del Castillo
Lewandowski, you're fired!
Omar Mateen was approved for a Class G firearms license after he passed a character certification.
Elizabeth Warren continues to go after Donald J. Trump, calling him a "proven failure" who is unfit to lead.
JUST IN  More: http://on.msnbc.com/28JllHh
By the end of last year there were 65.3 million forcibly displaced people worldwide.
Of people "routinely targeted by the police," Sotomayor wrote, "Until their voices matter too, our justice system will continue to be anything but."
"I let you know, I'm in Orlando and I did the shootings," Omar Mateen said in a transcript of his call to police dispatchers.
Major staff upheavals in presidential campaigns traditionally have not gone well.
"I keep telling myself that I'm kind of scared of him, but then again, I kind of think that's what we need."  -One Donald J. Trump supporter on why he's voting for the presumptive GOP nominee  Read more about how Trump took over the Republican party, against all odds: http://nbcnews.to/1UUtETc
The presumptive GOP nominee seems pretty nervous, writes Steve Benen.
Officer Caesar Goodson has been charged with second-degree "depraved heart" murder — the steepest charge of the six officers indicted.
Can this help stem the crisis?
While Virginia Raggi likely can't rebuild Rome in a day, she has pledged to rein in corruption and take on the Vatican for allegedly not paying taxes.
LeBron James delivered on his promise to bring a championship back to Cleveland.
Donald J. Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski speaks out for the first time after being ousted from the campaign: http://on.msnbc.com/28JIYSQ
"We couldn't even hear WBC," an attendee said. "All you could hear was peace and love."
The weapon used at Sandy Hook Elementary School is similar to the one used this month in the Orlando nightclub shooting.
Efforts to dump Trump will probably come up short.
Even as war rages miles away, the Zaatari camp is a surprising civilization, a spectacle of determination and basic humanity. #WorldRefugeeDay
Even her critics agree on one thing: She may still net a conviction.
JUST IN
The crowd "went nuts" when a "stunning" rainbow appeared overhead.
A North Carolina woman says the delegates in her state are "very much under direct threat" with a $10,000 fine.
BREAKING: Trump team announces departure of campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.  More here: http://on.msnbc.com/28Iu8ct
BREAKING: Supreme Court declines to review Connecticut ban on assault weapons.  More here: http://on.msnbc.com/28JgTaU
Donald J. Trump is chipping away at Hillary Clinton's support.
If you read one thing today, this should be it.
A week after the worst mass shooting in the nation's history, the Senate is set to vote on four gun control proposals.
"It will take time to heal, but what I say is, be angry, and take that anger and turn it into action and persistence," one Newtown, Connecticut, mother said.
Authorities have previously said that during three conversations with a 911 dispatcher, Mateen pledged allegiance to ISIS' leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
This is the drug that former president Jimmy Carter says helped stall advanced melanoma that had spread to his brain.
"I can win one way or the other," Donald Trump said.
Winning an election isn't just about winning voters over; it's about turning your voters out.
Vigils and memorials were held in many countries, and landmarks were illuminated, to commemorate the victims of the Pulse nightclub massacre.  http://on.msnbc.com/1rlXp4Y
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals held that "the Second Amendment does not protect in any degree the right to carry concealed firearms in public."
"I remember when my son Levi said, 'goodnight Papa.' I said, 'Goodnight Levi, I love you.' He said, 'I love you more.'"   This Father's Day, watch as these gay dads share a bit of their journey to fatherhood.
The president is turning the election into "Obama-Clinton v. Trump," instead of a traditional contest between the two people with their names on the ballot.
"We should be making our gun laws less full of Swiss cheese holes so that future killings don't happen," Sen. Chris Murphy said Sunday.
Joe Biden said if Al Gore had won the 2000 presidential election, the 1994 assault weapons ban he helped pass would still be in place.  http://on.msnbc.com/1trYQA7
"Music expresses our emotions in as pure a way as you can possibly express it."  - Lindsey Deaton, Director of the Trans Chorus of Los Angeles
Vice President Chris Christie?
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is standing by Donald Trump, but he won't force fellow Republicans to do the same.
Florida is one of 16 states in the U.S. that does not protect those in the LGBT community from discrimination at work.
The semi-automatic rifle used to in the Orlando massacre was nearly identical to the weapons used in the San Bernardino, Newtown and Aurora shootings.  http://on.msnbc.com/1sHbhYE
The opposition, by contrast, hasn't spent a dime in these same battlegrounds - whether it's Donald Trump's campaign or Republican-leaning Super PACs.
Meet your new "impersonator-in-chief."
The hotel embraces its infamous history.
A country that for generations saw millions of its citizens cross into the U.S. is suddenly telling its southern neighbors they can no longer do the same.
Have we heard this rhetoric before?
The Cocktail Bandits are shaking up the beverage game.
The Pink Pistols describes itself as "an international LGBT self-defense organization" that advocates for gay people to acquire concealed carry permits.
You have the right to remain silent!
"Democrats believe in equal pay for equal work and a woman's right to decisions over her own body. And we're ready to fight for it," Elizabeth Warren said on Saturday.
What remains unequivocally clear is that closing abortion clinics doesn't end the need for abortion.
The president's visit comes at a time when the century-old National Park Service faces two very serious issues: climate change and budget cuts.
It's more than just a matter of campaign cash.
"Silence, not me, not anymore." - Rep. Jim Himes on moment of silence for mass shooting victims
Was the Orlando shooter considered a "lone wolf" attacker?
The general election brings focus to large, influential groups and the issues that motivate those voters both nationally and in battleground states.
"He would have been horrified and sickened as anyone, if not more, by these events."
After the mass shooting in Orlando, Donald Trump said that assimilation for Muslims coming to the U.S. is "pretty close" to nonexistent.
There's a new member of the Clinton family — just in time for Father's Day.
Donald J. Trump considered Oprah Winfrey as his potential VP when he was mulling a run for president in 1999.
Thomas Mair declared, "Death to traitors, freedom for Britain" in court on Saturday.
Is Elizabeth Warren's name at the top of the list?
Hamilton: An American Musical is about to be turned upside down.
"Not only does a hate crime have an overwhelming personal effect on an individual victim, it inflicts an intended harm on other members of the target community who experience psychological trauma vicariously." - Frederick M. Lawrence, CEO-elect of Phi Beta Kappa Society
Baldwin County Commissioner Tucker Dorsey said the tragedy was not a "valid circumstance" for flying the flag at half-staff.
"My primary consultant is myself and I have a good instinct for this stuff," Trump said on Morning Joe in March.
Police early Saturday identified the suspected killer as Thomas Mair, 52, and said he was charged with murder in addition to weapons-related charges.
World Health Organization advisers have agreed in principle to dilute the yellow fever vaccine to stretch out supplies if current outbreaks get worse.
Iraqi Security Forces retook the Islamic State's central headquarters in Fallujah.  http://on.msnbc.com/1UgFvhj
For Republicans on the ballot in state elections, Donald Trump is more than their party's presidential nominee: He's a liability.
"When the dust settles in Philadelphia, there is a desperate need for our party to unify."  - Rep. Raul Grijalva
Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign has slowed to a halt, but that isn't to say his run was for nothing...
Congressional Republicans generally try to avoid high-profile debates -- and votes -- on gun policy. Now, they won't have much of a choice...
"We really don't know the consequences of what may or may not happen if they do elect to pull out of the European Union."   -Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial.
How the U.S. Men's Soccer Team is showing unity after the attack in Orlando.  Watch: http://on.msnbc.com/1UgvsZF
What we actually call the "black box" are two orange flight recorders. Here's where the term came from:
How did Omar Mateen get through the cracks?
Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy speaks to Morning Joe ahead of Monday's Senate vote on gun legislation.
Back at it again.
While it's not unheard-of for major super PAC donors to rub elbows with their favored candidates, a move like this would be ... unusual.
The proof is in the polls.
"We live in a culture of the provisional," Pope Francis said.
Mateen reportedly texted his wife: "Do you see what's happening?"
Two cities reeling from hate, one year apart.
Here's what the top lawyer representing the United States has to say.
The "dissent channel cable" was signed by 51 State Department officers.
"Before the first chorus, he just dropped. We thought it was part of the show but it got very serious very quickly," one eyewitness said.
"Finally, a wonderful victory for justice. This is what we fought for for so long," said a tearful Hedy Bohm, an 88-year-old survivor.
The second "black box" has been found ...
"The last thing I would do is tell anybody to do something that's contrary to their conscience. Of course I wouldn't do that." - Speaker of the House Paul Ryan
Will Hillary Clinton 's effort  to build on her early lead work?
Trump TV?
"We have yet to have a client who has had a fair day in court."   - Laura Lichter, American Immigration Lawyers Association general counsel.
"We have yet to have a client who has had a fair day in court."   - Laura Lichter, American Immigration Lawyers Association general counsel.
"This is not a gun control issue. This is a terrorism issue."  - Ted Cruz
"The Democratic party needs leadership which is prepared to open its doors and welcome into its ranks working people and young people."  - Bernie Sanders  Read more: http://on.msnbc.com/1UceExR
After the massacre in Orlando, I spoke to one of my most trustworthy sources on counter-terrorism. When I asked him what his takeaway was from the attack, he did not hesitate: "It's the guns. We gotta get rid of the assault rifles."  -Richard Engel
One in four Americans ranks terrorism as their top issue, but Americans are split on Donald J. Trump's Muslim ban.
"I think the biggest misconception is that there is an attitude. There is no monolithic either Arab or Muslim view."  - Chivvis Moore, who has written a new memoir about her experiences living as a lesbian feminist in the Middle East
Looks like the filibuster might have worked.
Ask, and you shall receive.
Utah Lt. Governor Spencer Cox apologized to the LGBT community during a vigil remembering the Orlando shooting victims.
This likely signals the end of the road for Texas' legal maneuvers on the matter.
Watch this 8th grader do hilarious impressions of Donald J. Trump, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, and Barack Obama.  http://on.msnbc.com/1UbFg1Y
One of Brennan's predecessors, Leon Panetta, called it the "toughest challenge that the law enforcement community faces."
"I held and hugged grieving family members and parents, and they asked why does this keep happening?"  - President Obama, while speaking in Orlando
Donald J. Trump is focused on the same strategy he had during the primary -- dominate the news cycle and don't worry about details.
"I'm with her," the TV mogul announced.
"He would have been horrified and sickened as anyone, if not more by these events," Eugene Stoner's family said in a statement.
Omar Mateen's autopsy was also conducted in a different building.
Mass shootings in the U.S. have claimed 61 lives this year alone, according to the Globe's editorial.
The suit is "not about the money," the family's attorney said.
"You kill innocent women and children by doing airstrikes ... now taste the Islamic state vengeance," Mateen allegedly wrote in a Facebook post from within Pulse nightclub.
The policy has political momentum in the wake of the Orlando attack, but how effective would it actually be?
George Takei says the gay community can help lead the nation to a sane gun policy.
BREAKING
They didn't hold back.
President Obama called the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history "an act of terror and an act of hate."
"What this says is, there is no ceiling, that ceiling just went boom! It says anything is possible when you can be leader of the free world." - Oprah Winfrey explains why she supports Hillary Clinton
JUST IN
The price tag is $7,300,000.
The comments could also bolster a groundbreaking new lawsuit, which argues that the weapon is a tool of war.
"We are in environment where we have to be concerned about the home-grown, violent extremists that could strike at any place." - Secretary Jeh Johnson
Parliament House, a stronghold of the local LGBT scene, is coordinating with other clubs and working with the owners of Pulse to find ways to support their now unemployed staff.
Joe Biden said if Al Gore had won the 2000 presidential election, the 1994 assault weapons ban he helped pass would still be in place.  http://on.msnbc.com/1trYQA7
Senator Chris Murphy brought his 15-hour filibuster to a powerful end early Thursday, recounting the tragic story of Sandy Hook victims Dylan Hockley and Anne Marie Murphy.   More here: http://on.msnbc.com/1UemA6O
Senator Chris Murphy's filibuster over demands for tighter gun control has topped 14 hours and entered its second calendar day.
Hale and Chris Hayes discussed why "Veep" has resonated so much on Capitol Hill.
Rep. James Clyburn and Rep. Theodore Deutch joined Hardball with Chris Matthews to weigh in on the current gun debate in Congress.
"With mosquito season upon us, these Zika dollars must get out the door now to help control the spread of this disease."
"You don't have a constitutional right to demand entry into the United States."  -Sen. Jeff Sessions
Among the leaked documents was a 200-page opposition research book detailing aspects of the party's battle plan against Donald J. Trump.
Florida has over one million alligators, so what are the odds of being attacked?  http://on.msnbc.com/1OqZIPf
"We're having to create this as we go because we haven't impeached anybody since 1915."   - Clay Redden, committee spokesman
Legally, Omar Mateen may not have had access to his semiautomatic rifle — the Sig Sauer MCX — or any other similar AR-15-type firearm.
The Democratic nominating contests are over but...
A student at the college "got chills" when he saw Mateen's "selfie" picture in the media.
"This whole speech, with its nativism, its fear-mongering and especially its self-aggrandizing in the face of tragedy feels like a new low."  - Stephen Colbert
There is more to the story than direct campaign contributions.
Out of options, the Kansas Secretary of State backs down.
GOP leaders pulled a Marshawn Lynch move yesterday.
Omar Mateen also received a nearly perfect score in one shooting test.
Donald J. Trump says it was "crooked as hell."
The NRA says its position on the matter has not changed.
The Orange County Sheriff's Office says its goal now is to "bring some closure" to the family.
"We weep, we light our candles ... Then a few months go by, and we get distracted by something or perhaps convince ourselves that we can't really do anything. … Predictable excuses used every time. Truth is, when it comes to lawmakers, we get what we deserve.   Another national tragedy. And how will we respond this time?"  From Sandy Hook to Orlando, NBC News' Craig Melvin, reflects on the mass shootings he's covered: http://on.msnbc.com/262LVCU
"Enough. Enough. Enough. What we are seeking is not radical. What we're seeking is not something that is partisan. What we're seeking is common sense."   Senator Cory Booker gives a passionate speech during a filibuster by Senate Democrats on gun laws: http://on.msnbc.com/1Pu0vdc
Here's what federal law says.
The Orlando shooter's father blames ISIS for the attack, says security at Pulse nightclub needed to be tighter: http://on.msnbc.com/1XptQgL
Why the mass murder at Pulse nightclub in Orlando wasn't just an act of terrorism ...
"He went on TV and suggested that President Obama is on the side of the terrorists ... Even in a time of divided politics, this is way beyond anything that should be said by someone running for president." - Hillary Clinton rebukes Donald J. Trump's Orlando response
"How will we respond this time? Will we through our hands in the air and do nothing because we can't figure out precisely what to do? Or ... can we figure out some way to keep more Americans alive?" - NBC News' Craig Melvin
Has all been forgiven?
Officials say the family was relaxing close to a sandy beach area when the reptile attacked ...
Donald J. Trump gloated over revoking the Washington Post's press credentials at a rally in Greensboro, North Carolina.  http://on.msnbc.com/24PFjW0
"There is a very low risk of further international spread of Zika virus," the World Heath Organization said in a statement.
Trump is still facing a stiff backlash from his racially tinged comments about Judge Curiel.
The Democratic Party's long, awkward, and occasionally frightening nightmare is over — or at least just about. http://nbcnews.to/1XW498k
Savage blasted Trump for beating up on a "vulnerable minority group."
Allegations about Omar Mateen's multiple appearances at a gay nightclub and his usage of gay dating apps have raised questions concerning his sexual orientation.
They were 250 miles apart, but their message could not have been more similar.
Truman once called the House Un-American Activities Committee "the most un-American thing in the country." Decades later, Republicans want it back anyway.
"Secretary Kobach has repeatedly stood in the way of thousands of Kansans who have tried to exercise their right to vote."  -Dale Ho, the director of the ACLU's voting rights project
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of the Washington D.C. Democratic primary.  More: http://nbcnews.to/261fIvR
Clinton also took a swipe at Trump's comments in the aftermath of the Pulse nightclub shooting.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is taking heat from Bernie Sanders' supporters...and Russia.
Once banned, these assault rifles are hugely popular in the U.S.   Watch: http://on.msnbc.com/1YpIkwg
"Groups like Al Qaeda and ISIL want to make this war a war between Islam and America, or between Islam and the West."  -President Barack Obama
"To blame an entire religion for the acts of a single individual is nothing less than bigotry, and that is not what this country is supposed to be about."  - Bernie Sanders
The Orlando attack has reignited a debate: What to call the attackers.
Just when it seemed 2016 couldn't possibly get any stranger...
"I did want to stop by and make one thing very clear: I may be grayer than I was eight years ago, but this is what a feminist looks like."  -President Barack Obama
"I hope you know that myself and so many are your allies ... You are not alone."  - Lady Gaga honors the victims of Orlando shooting   Watch: http://on.msnbc.com/1Q1PCF0
Forget building a wall...
The cause of the crash has not yet been determined.
"The American people and our allies and friends all over the world stand with you," President Obama, in remarks about the Orlando tragedy, said to the LGBT community: http://nbcnews.to/24OJ0va
Donald J. Trump hit the big 7-0 today.
"Enough talking about being tough on terrorism—actually be tough on terrorism."  - President Obama, in a speech about ISIS and the Orlando massacre, dismisses the debate over the term "radical Islam"  Watch more: http://on.msnbc.com/1Q1tYAQ
This presidential contest is turning out to be more than a battle of Democrat vs. Republican, liberal vs. conservative, or blue vs. red.
JUST IN
BREAKING
49 people were killed in the nightclub massacre. Here are their stories.
After a moment of silence for the victims of the Orlando shooting massacre, Democrats in the U.S. House erupted in chants of "Where's the bill?" referring to gun control legislation.   Read the victims' stories: http://nbcnews.to/1S2TCPM
What will be the big takeaway from the Hillary Clinton-Bernie Sanders summit?
Hillary Clinton has made gains among male, white voters in particular.
In Donald Trump's first formal response Monday to the Orlando massacre, he blamed U.S. immigration policy for the shootings.
"We would go to places like gay clubs to feel safe or feel safer, because you were not ever completely safe."   -Laura Esquivel, who founded the national Latino LGBTQ group, LLEGO
Short of catching a person actively conspiring to break the law, options are limited for families or even law enforcement to intervene.
"That's not his first time there," a regular customer at the club said. "He's been there several times. I know that for a fact."
Orlando nightclub shooting victim Felipe "Tony" Marrero recounts the gunman deliberately "blowing up people's heads." Watch his message for the officer who saved him.   More: http://nbcnews.to/21j0BL2
Thousands gathered in Soho, London, to commemorate the victims of the Orlando shooting.
The FBI is looking into the possibility that Omar Mateen visited Pulse nightclub and tried to communicate with some of its patrons on a gay dating app before he gunned down 49 people at the club in Orlando.
"I'm happy that I was able to put what I've learned to practice last night and able to just help with whatever I can do."   -Carlos Garcia
Donald J. Trump is unhappy with what he called "incredibly inaccurate coverage."
Vigils and memorials were held in many countries, and landmarks were illuminated, to commemorate the victims of the Pulse nightclub massacre.
"Hillary supports policies that bring the threat of radical Islam into America and allow it to grow overseas." - Donald J. Trump
"I remember the cops asking, 'Are you alive?' "  - Tony Marrero
Orlando, one day later: "You will not break us."
Obama said the Orlando shooter Omar Mateen had been influenced by "extremist ideology," but the president did not use the modifier "Islamic."
"I am so, so sorry. I am sorry that our tragedy here in Sandy Hook wasn't enough to save your loved ones."  - Nelba Marquez-Greene, whose 6-year-old daughter died in the Sandy Hook shooting
Who was the Orlando nightclub shooter? Relatives and a former co-worker of Omar Mateen, the Orlando nightclub gunman, speak out.
Brenda Lee Marquez McCool went to Pulse on Saturday night as she often did, with her 21-year-old son, Isaiah Henderson.  It was a favorite spot for the pair: He's gay, and she still loved to dance — despite having 11 kids and beating cancer twice.
Donald J. Trump thinks "there's something going on" that explains President Obama's refusal to use the phrase "radical Islamic terrorism."
There can be plenty of people with dangerous ideologies, but if they lack the tools necessary to commit mass murder, the threat to society is far less severe.  - Steve Benen
"The Orlando terrorist may be dead. But the virus that poisoned his mind is very much alive."  - Hillary Clinton
Heartbreaking.
Omar Mateen had been flagged by the FBI twice — but was still able to legally purchase guns.
The only other time the The White House applied this waiver to HIPAA was after Hurricane Katrina.
The Vatican issued a statement on Sunday expressing "deepest feelings of horror and condemnation" over the Orlando attack.
Seddique Mateen says he does not know why his son allegedly carried out the attack, but has insisted "this has nothing to do with religion."
Among the group of American Samoans who brought the suit was a Vietnam veteran with two Purple Hearts.
"Where is the countervailing force in the elected Republican party? ... Now is the time. You can't hide," the Morning Joe hosts says.
President Obama on Orlando shooting: This isn't an "either-or" debate about guns or terrorism, it's a "both-and."
Friends and relatives are grappling to make sense of what happened.
There seems to be a pattern ...
Donald J. Trump called for President Obama to step down.
He also made a reference to ISIS while on the 911 call, according to Orlando Police Chief John Mina.
"I'm going to die": Mom reads son's texts from inside Orlando nightclub http://nbcnews.to/1ULszgn
Here's everything we know so far about the deadliest shooting in U.S. history.
"We cannot demonize, demagogue and declare war on an entire religion … Hate is not the answer to hate."  - Hillary Clinton reacts to the Orlando nightclub massacre on Morning Joe: http://on.msnbc.com/25SWYCb
An Orlando massacre survivor recounts his ordeal: "I had to play dead to survive in there." http://nbcnews.to/1PWqsaY
Omar Mateen had come to the FBI's attention twice — but that didn't stop him from legally purchasing weapons.
"I always [was] telling him that ... the terrorists and terrorism are the enemy of the whole humanity."
Trump's speech gains new significance — and risk — after Sunday's terror attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando, which left 50 people dead and dozens others injured.
"Mommy I love you," the first message said. It was 2:06 a.m.  "In club they shooting."
The massacre at a gay Orlando nightclub was the deadliest mass shooting incident in U.S. history. With much information still to be uncovered, here's what we do know so far.
Trump reiterated his support for an indefinite ban on Muslim travel to the United States.   Clinton repeated a call for stricter oversight of firearms, saying, "weapons of war have no place on our streets."
The names of the first victims to be identified in the country's deadliest mass shooting were released Sunday afternoon.
"We need to understand: this was a gay bar where 50 people were killed," Billy Manes, editor of Orlando's LGBT newspaper, "Watermark," told NBC News.
It was used to slaughter first graders at Sandy Hook, murder Batman fans at Colorado movie theater, kill county workers at a holiday party in San Bernardino.
Hillary Clinton's campaign previewed its first general election ad against Donald Trump, in which Clinton targets him specifically by saying: "It's wrong to pit people against each other."
Rob Domenico, a board member of The Center Orlando, an LGBTQ advocacy and support center in the city, said "absolute devastation" is being felt across Orlando's LGBTQ community.
"This is an especially heartbreaking day for all of our friends, our fellow Americans, who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender ... more than a nightclub, it was a place of solidarity and empowerment."  - President Obama  Read more: http://nbcnews.to/1OjSzQS
Video shows footage from outside the Orlando gay nightclub where a gunman opened fire early Sunday morning, killing at least 50 people. Read more: http://nbcnews.to/1sADQHa
The mayor of Orlando confirms at least 50 people were killed in a nightclub shooting early Sunday.   Read more: http://nbcnews.to/1sADQHa
Sunday's shooting has now become the deadliest mass shooting in the history of the United States — by nearly double the previous most deadly incident.
LATEST: Officials now say at least 50 people are dead and more than 50 others wounded in Orlando gay nightclub shooting.
"This isn't a women's issue. This is a human issue."  -Activist Alexis Jones
Watch as 16-year-old Bretagne, the last known 9/11 search and rescue dog, is saluted by firefighters before being euthanized.  http://nbcnews.to/1VK9rBH
LATEST: Approximately 20 people are dead and scores wounded after a gunman opened fire and took hostages at a gay nightclub in Orlando.
BREAKING: Police say the shooter inside the club is dead. It is not yet clear how many people have been killed.
For more than two decades, Maria Mancia had only one photo to help find her son.
These are the top contenders.
Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown are on the shortlist.
The Army vet says she wants to help shake up the image of women in the military.
Inspiring!
If she won the presidency with Elizabeth Warren as a running mate, Hillary Clinton would have to contend with Warren's agenda.
"I'm endorsing the people," Don King said.
It's commonly referred to as the "suicide disease," because many who live with the painful condition take their own lives ...
It's time to re-wind!
"I let people know up front: I don't live with HIV. HIV lives with me." - Robert Brooks, public school dance teacher
There is more than $1,200,000,000,000 of outstanding student loan debt.
"We need to work on the wall between the two countries, because I think that it's such a hurtful symbol for us ... There's got to be another way to be friendly, diplomatic, and with the times." - Lila Downs

A source in Fallujah told NBC News that ISIS demanded women and children remained in the city.
Trump told a major gathering of social conservatives that "no one should be judged by their race or their color."
"He perfected gifts that we all have — gifts of mind and heart," former President Bill Clinton said in saying goodbye to the boxing legend.
The Republican National Committee doesn't want to talk about Donald Trump.
In a room that was rapt and grateful, she fluently spoke their language.
Muhammad Ali: The Untold Story of the Rumble in the Jungle   Tune in to MSNBC tonight at midnight!
Here's how scientists think time travel would actually work.  CC: Game of Thrones fans
"You are either like a poor soul to be pitied or you're usually the opposite of that, you're some sort of superhero — for the most part they really sensationalize."  - Kelly Buckland, the executive director of the National Council on Independent Living
This is why 2016 is a referendum on Donald J. Trump.   Watch: http://on.msnbc.com/1WIOesZ
"He knew he was more than a fighter. He knew he was on a mission... He didn't quit."  - Evander Holyfield, on Muhammad Ali
Muhammad Ali helped "inspire a young mixed kid with a funny name to have the audacity to believe he could be anything — even the president of the United States.   Muhammad Ali was America. Muhammad Ali will always be America."  - President Obama, in a statement delivered by Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett  Watch: http://on.msnbc.com/22ZnGE2
"Very rude, but what are you gonna do."  - Donald J. Trump
He says he saw the police officer "running across the street with his gun drawn."
"When Donald Trump says, 'Let's make America great again,' that is code for 'Let's take America backwards.'"  - Hillary Clinton
"He was truly an original, like a Picasso ... He was a contemporary master."  - Aretha Franklin
The line-up of speakers includes vocal anti-Trump Republicans.
BREAKING
King still stands by his support of Donald J. Trump.
Will this further fuel the speculation that Elizabeth Warren could be tapped as Hillary Clinton's VP?
Donald J. Trump drops 6 points in one month ...
In a wide-ranging interview, David Letterman also wonders why a woman didn't inherit his show ...
"This might be my only chance to reveal the truth to all of you that undocumented immigrants are people, too."  Yale-bound valedictorian comes out as undocumented in emotional graduation speech: http://on.msnbc.com/1VQDzvs
NBC's Ayman Mohyeldin is at Muhammad Ali's memorial service. Watch his live coverage of the procession on NBC News' Facebook page ↓
President Obama says he is "worried about the Republican Party" and that running the country "is not reality TV."
It's complicated ...
Imagine if Marco Rubio was the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee ...
Ivanka Trump says the number of disputes is tiny compared to the amount of business her father does.
"There will be no third term. I can't stay forever. Besides, daddy's got a Hawaii vacation booked in about 223 days. But who's counting?" - President Obama
Hamilton: An American Musical is also more than doubling the number of its $10 lottery tickets from 21 to 46.
Many of Sanders supporters at what could be one of his final rallies said they're not ready to concede.
Elizabeth Warren said she's ready to help Hillary Clinton become the next president "and to make sure that Donald Trump never gets any place close to the White House."
Elizabeth Warren endorsed Hillary Clinton for president on The Rachel Maddow show Thursday.
Just in case there was any ambiguity about how Elizabeth Warren feels about Trump...
Libyan forces are trying to regain territorial control of their country from IS militants.
Elizabeth Warren endorses Hillary Clinton for president of the United States.  Watch more: http://on.msnbc.com/1Xd95oh
Just 11 percent of high school students said they smoked in 2015.
Donald J. Trump eschewed donation cash during the GOP primary. Now he's making broad fundraising overtures to GOP brass for the general.
Meet the senator who just "dumped Trump."
The VP did not, however, address the judge's controversial decision to give the rapist, Brock Turner, a six-month jail term.
Mic drop.
#GirlIGuessImWithHer
The endorsement will come during an exclusive live interview beginning at 9 p.m.  http://on.msnbc.com/1RYFUgV
"The President complimented him and congratulated him on his success."  -White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, on Thursday's meeting between Bernie Sanders and President Obama
Elizabeth Warren isn't the only woman who may be on the short list.
Here's where some of the most prominent voices in the party stand right now.
The U.S. could see a double dose of history in the making.
BREAKING: President Obama endorses Hillary Clinton: "I don't think there's ever been someone so qualified to hold this office... I'm with her."   Read more here: http://nbcnews.to/1UG1fzY
A conviction for the police van driver would be the first of its kind in at least a decade.
Which party will come together faster?
"I look forward to meeting with [Hillary Clinton] in the near future to see how we can work together to defeat Donald J. Trump."  - Bernie Sanders after speaking with President Obama at the White House: http://on.msnbc.com/1XIo3Uj
Bernie Sanders and President Obama meet to discuss the future of his campaign.  Read more here: http://nbcnews.to/1tks4Bu
"That's every bit as un-American as people targeting Jews, because they don't like Jews. That's every bit as un-American as people targeting Catholics, because they don't like Catholics."  - Joe Scarborough, host of Morning Joe
"From the time she was a senior at Wellesley, Hillary Rodham – now Hillary Clinton – has been a leader with guts, with energy, and purpose. And incredible resilience. And she didn't get to where she is right now by any other way." - Chris Matthews, host of Hardball with Chris Matthews
"If Donald J. Trump was your child, and he acted like that, you would whip his a**. You would not tolerate that. And, for expediency's sake, we're tolerating a man who is beneath the presidency of the United States of America." - D.L. Hughley
Here's a look at some of the top contenders for the job ...
"Donald J. Trump  is a loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud who has never risked anything for anyone and serves nobody but himself." - Senator Elizabeth Warren
It's the most important abortion case to reach the high court in decades ...
Donald J. Trump is still struggling to unify the party and build an effective campaign.
Benjamin Netanyahu described Wednesday's mass shooting in Tel Aviv as a savage crime of murder and terrorism.  http://on.msnbc.com/1Yfm9ZZ
Chicago residents remember the lives of those lost to gun violence in the city including 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton.  http://on.msnbc.com/218BNVL
Hillary Clinton has clinched her place in history. The question of what Bernie Sanders will do next, however, remains.
Illinois Senator Mark Kirk rescinded his support for Trump, calling the GOP nominee "too racist and bigoted."
Both Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton decided to forego the tradition of calling each another after clinching their parties' nominations.
Speaker Paul Ryan has been eager to unveil his six-part policy agenda – which he's marketing as the GOP's "Better Way" plan.
Everyone was on their best behavior Wednesday, emphasizing the need for civility.
Amateur video captured the moment Israeli police subdued one of the two suspects in the Tel Aviv shopping mall attack.  http://on.msnbc.com/1YfgKBY
A "huge" new role for the Oscar winner.
"He can run a campaign of insults. I'm running a campaign of issues," Hillary Clinton tells NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt.
"You're having these kids basically from the time that they're in high school being told, 'If anything goes wrong, we're going to cover it up for you.' They're being taught you're an athlete, so you're above reproach."  - Activist Alexis Jones
WATCH: Hillary Clinton responds when asked by Lester Holt if she thinks the presidential race against Donald J. Trump will be the nastiest in US history.  Tune in to NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt for the full interview.
Trying to clean up the bad blood?
Could there be a coup in Cleveland?
Maria Sharapova says she had been taking the substance for 10 years and didn't know it was banned.
The good news for Democrats: This does not have to be hard.
UPDATE: At least three dead in attack at Tel Aviv market, "two terrorists neutralized," police say.  Read more here: http://on.msnbc.com/24Au3g3
What happens if Donald J. Trump keeps being Donald J. Trump?
"Voter suppression tactics have not disappeared but are now merely cloaked in ostensibly race-neutral language."  - U.S. District Judge Algenon Marbley
"A woman who refuses maternity and gives up housekeeping faces the threats of losing her freedom." - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
"I hope you die and your family gets raped."
"The fact that he is politically incorrect, that he'll say what's on his mind, that endears him to many people, including people of my ilk."  - William Johnson, self-proclaimed white nationalist and former Donald J. Trump delegate
When Hillary Clinton's supporters urge Bernie Sanders to wrap things up, it's one thing.  ... When his own backers do the same, it's harder to ignore.
Bernie Sanders may be down, but he vows he's not out: http://nbcnews.to/1RX9jbf
Hillary Clinton wishes one person could have seen her make history last night – her mom.  Watch more here: http://on.msnbc.com/217DRxn
Election Day is now exactly five months away ...
Hillary Clinton held 419 public events as she traveled to 42 states this primary season.   Revisit her journey to becoming the presumptive Democratic nominee, by the numbers: http://on.msnbc.com/1TVt19C
Will Smith was nominated for an Academy Award for his 2001 portrayal of the heavyweight champ.
Aides say President Obama is eager to wade into the race ...
She's the first woman presumptive nominee of a major political party, but will Hillary Clinton break through the ultimate glass ceiling in American politics?  Watch more: http://on.msnbc.com/25KO0qy
Donald J. Trump did what his advisers said he was capable of all along: He acted presidential.
The rest of Hillary Clinton's speech was aimed directly at Donald J. Trump, whom she called "temperamentally unfit."
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton  is the projected winner in the California Democratic primary.  Full wrap: http://nbcnews.to/25LJMLG
"The fight in front of us is a very, very steep fight," Bernie Sanders said. "But we will continue to fight for every vote and every delegate we can get."
BREAKING: Bernie Sanders is the projected winner of the Montana Democratic primary.  More: http://www.nbcnews.com/liveblog
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the apparent winner of the South Dakota Democratic primary.  More: http://www.nbcnews.com/liveblog
8 years ago to the day, Hillary Clinton gave her concession speech in the race for president. Now she is celebrating becoming the first female nominee from a major political party in U.S. history: http://on.msnbc.com/1ZwtMcN
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton has secured a majority of pledged Democratic delegates, NBC News projects.   More: http://www.nbcnews.com/liveblog
BREAKING: Donald J. Trump is the projected winner of the California Republican primary.  More: http://nbcnews.to/1UoathR
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of the New Mexico Democratic primary.  More: http://nbcnews.to/1TYc9nV
"Tonight's victory is not about one person. It belongs to generations of women and men who struggled and have sacrificed and made this moment possible."  Hillary Clinton reflects on being the first female nominee of a major party in U.S. history: http://on.msnbc.com/1KmDmME
BREAKING: Donald J. Trump is the projected winner of the Montana Republican primary. More: http://nbcnews.to/1svBvx6
BREAKING: Bernie Sanders is the projected winner of the North Dakota Democratic caucus. More: http://nbcnews.to/1ZwhelL
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of the New Jersey Democratic primary. More: http://nbcnews.to/25L2h6z
LATEST: Donald J. Trump is the projected winner of both the New Mexico and South Dakota Republican primaries.   More: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Donald J. Trump's critique is the "textbook definition of a racist comment."
BREAKING: Donald J. Trump is the projected winner of the New Jersey Republican primary. More: http://nbcnews.to/24xFu8g
"There shouldn't be any sort of ethnicity, religious or racial test for what kind of judges should hear what kind of cases."  - Marco Rubio
Country music legend Dolly Parton joins a growing list of musicians speaking out against the law.
What would Ronald Reagan have to say about Donald J. Trump?
TONIGHT: Bernie Sanders on continuing his fight for the Democratic nomination: "Defying history is what this campaign has been about."  http://on.msnbc.com/1TUjwHv
Not even Hillary Clinton wanted it like this...
Superdelegates have never determined the Democratic nominee, and they're unlikely ever to do so.
Donald J. Trump makes no apologies.
Sen. Mark Kirk says that Donald J. Trump lacks "the temperament" necessary for the Oval Office.
McConnell says Donald J. Trump should quit attacking minority groups.
Follow our live blog for the latest updates! #Decision2016
Forty percent of U.S. women are obese, according to the CDC.
Got questions for Chuck Todd? Ask them now on Meet the Press' Facebook page ↓
While the actress gets a lot of backlash, she seems to be able to brush it off.
Watch as 16-year-old Bretagne, the last known 9/11 search and rescue dog, is saluted by firefighters before being euthanized. http://nbcnews.to/1VK9rBH
"I just can't."  - South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham
The California attorney general calls Donald J. Trump's racially charged remarks about a federal judge "outrageous."
The lawyer and writer says someone from the Trump campaign called his wife's family to threaten him to not make a third-party bid for president, saying "It will be really, really bad."
The only available photos showed Turner grinning in his Stanford sweatshirt and in action for the university's swimming team — but none from the 16-month-old criminal case.
An identical 59% of both Democrats and Republicans concur.
Hillary Clinton took advantage of four factors in the race against Bernie Sanders ...
"Claiming a person can't do the job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment."  - Paul Ryan takes on Donald J. Trump's racially-charged rhetoric
"Republicans in Washington, DC, right now, you are letting your presumptive nominee, who is making racist statements, run roughshod over what remaining national reputation we have." - Joe Scarborough warns the GOP about Donald J. Trump's rhetoric
The expert witness testified that one key factor made the convicted killer an imminent danger to society: He was a black man.
"Kimbo was a charismatic, larger-than-life personality that transcended the sport," Bellator MMA President Scott Coker said.
"I was a farm worker, and I know what it's like to work in the fields," Helen Chavez famously said in 1976.
Hillary Clinton holds a four-point national lead over Donald J. Trump – or does she?
His grave site will be modest, in adherence to Muslim tradition, his attorney, Ron Tweel said.
"What I believe is we need to unify our party. I will do my part, others are also going to be reaching out, and I hope that Senator Sanders will reciprocate." - Hillary Clinton  http://on.msnbc.com/1PfiALO
The Bernie Sanders campaign derided media organizations Monday night for declaring Hillary Clinton the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party.
Hillary Clinton responds to projections that she has hit the "magic number" of delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party.   http://on.msnbc.com/25JBpUu
Bernie Sanders campaign spokesperson Michael Briggs says characterizing Hillary Clinton as presumptive nominee is a "rush to judgment."  http://on.msnbc.com/1PfiALO
Hillary Clinton has secured a majority of delegates to the Democratic National Convention, NBC News projected on Monday evening.
BREAKING: NBC News projects Hillary Clinton as the Democratic presumptive nominee http://nbcnews.to/1X7XYNl
Trump-Gingrich 2016?
Two weeks ago, asked about Elizabeth Warren on the ticket, Harry Reid said, "The answer is not only 'no,' but 'hell no.'"
The new count charges Martin Shkreli with conspiracy to commit securities fraud by hiding his control of stock, which he had transferred to seven employees.
"The judge had to bend over backwards to accommodate this young man."   - Stanford law professor Michele Dauber
Hillary Clinton is just 19 delegates away from securing the Democratic nomination.
"There were some promising signs two years ago, and some of thrill is gone."   - David Dagan, a political scientist at John Hopkins University
Matt Damon had no good will for big banks during his Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) commencement speech.  Watch more: http://nbcnews.to/1WCh5iK
Here's how the numbers evolved from 1945 to 2000.
Will these new rules help level the playing field?
Republicans can distance themselves from Donald J. Trump, or they can leave a Supreme Court vacancy open in order to let Trump fill it.
Ali had indirectly criticized Donald J. Trump's anti-Islam remarks in the past.
Will this sway any Bernie Sanders supporters?
Unlike most political stories, the Trump University scandal includes several, loosely related controversies simultaneously.
Bernie Sanders beats Donald J. Trump by a full 12 points, according to a new poll.
"There are plenty of reasons not to agree with everything Hillary Clinton has done or has said, plenty of reasons not to vote for her. But I think the vitriol absolutely comes from a sexist place," Valenti said.
"Knowing that he's not suffering anymore is what gives me comfort," Ali said of her father.
Matt Damon is not holding back on the banks.
One campaign insider described the campaign situation as "dysfunctional."
Donald J. Trump blasts "Mexican" judge born in Indiana...   Joe Scarborough: This is unbelievable. He is getting worse, not better.  Watch more: http://on.msnbc.com/1XwAN09
For the first time ever, there might not be a Republican on the November ballot.
"As a commander of my unit, I'm powerful, I am dedicated, and it is important that we recognize gender does not limit us in the United States Army."
"After much thought and prayer"...
Hillary Clinton won the Puerto Rico primary Sunday, edging her even closer to the delegate majority she needs to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party.
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the projected winner in the Puerto Rico Democratic primary   See full results: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/primaries/PR
"This is unacceptable. It's something that puts a target on transgender people, and it's something that causes people to live in fear." - Against Me!'s lead singer Laura Jane Grace's message to Gov. Pat McCrory
Is President Bill Clinton the "economy revitalizer?"  http://on.msnbc.com/1R7rAC7
The Tibetan spiritual leader said the end goal should be to return refugees home to rebuild their countries.
A prominent Republican who supports Donald Trump urged the candidate to start acting like "a potential leader of the United States."
The state so rarely has much say in a presidential race...
LGBT rights opponents believe that protecting transgender people endangers women and children in the bathroom. But Minneapolis has been doing it since 1975.
The Senate majority leader dodged questions from NBC's Chuck Todd on Sunday as to whether Donald Trump's comments on Judge Gonzalo Curiel were "racist."
This retired police detective reunited with a girl he saved from a fire 18 years ago. Now 23-year-old Josi Aponte says, "He's my guardian angel."  http://on.msnbc.com/1syixpp
"The epidemic spares no one."
"The only thing he hated was racism and discrimination."   - NFL Hall-of-Famer Jim Brown says of his friend Muhammad Ali
"Muhammad has battled back many times," a family spokesman said. "We expected it to happen this time."
Because of the groundbreaking Angel Initiative, these addicts are going to rehab, not jail.  Make sure to tune in to NBC News Sunday at 7 p.m. ET
Donald Trump was asked whether a Muslim judge would be affected by his proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States.
"If you choose faith and love, if you strive always for dignity and excellence, then there is absolutely nothing you can't achieve." - Michelle Obama
NFL legend Jim Brown was on NBC's "Meet the Press" Sunday morning to talk about the passing of his friend Muhammad Ali.
Even Stephen Hawking can't figure out the rise of Donald J. Trump   http://on.msnbc.com/1XPEgF6
This seemingly simple question has the potential to offend a lot of people. Here's why.  http://on.msnbc.com/1TV5eWC
Hillary Clinton took another — tiny — step toward securing the Democratic nomination Saturday night by winning the Virgin Islands caucus, NBC News projects.
This may very well already be the most "notorious" insect of all time ...
"I've got to really do my hair that week," Senator Mark Kirk says.
Hillary Clinton is the projected winner in U.S. Virgin Islands Democratic caucus. Read more: http://nbcnews.to/1UpN67a
It's time to look back on the week that was ...
Three myths about NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration's ambitions for Mars habitation: http://on.msnbc.com/22DzQ59
"What a hero." - Senator Bernie Sanders on Muhammad Ali.
"We heard him in a way no one else could, as our brother, our uncle and our inspiration," Mayor Greg Fischer said.
Former boxer Chuck Wepner remembers his relationship with Muhammad Ali outside the ring.
"Somebody like that comes along once." – Musician Bill Withers on Muhammad Ali.
"When he fired me, he made a bad decision." -George Takei says he will work to stop Donald J. Trump from becoming president.   http://on.msnbc.com/1P1dQJD
"I know some are saying it was demeaning, objectifying or possessory. But that's not the conclusion I came to," said the man Donald Trump singled out on Friday.
"We're also grateful to God for how fortunate we are to have known him, if just for a while; for how fortunate we all are that The Greatest chose to grace our time," President Obama said in a statement.
Can Bernie Sanders still win? The answer is in the delegate numbers.  http://on.msnbc.com/1WXoeKc
Muhammad Ali was arguably the most beloved and recognized sports figure in the world – but it was not always that way.
"He's the greatest star to ever come out of sports in this country." - NY Daily News, Mike Lupica on Muhammad Ali.
Clinton is less than 70 delegates shy of the 2,383 majority she needs in order to be declared the presumptive Democratic nominee.
"He astonished all of the doctors that were around him." - Michael Okun from the National Parkinson Foundation on Muhammad Ali.
Muhammad Ali's hometown honors the late boxer. Read more: http://on.msnbc.com/1O8xEjq
"I'm just so adamant about reforming these policies and taking a more progressive approach to health care to protect myself, to protect my peers who I consider my brothers."  -The Baltimore Ravens' Eugene Monroe
In the wake of the deaths of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X, Ali picked up the baton to be a role model of black manhood for a whole new generation of African-Americans.
Meet some of the most successful third-party candidates: http://on.msnbc.com/1UmQCz7
Former heavyweight boxing champion Evander Holyfield on how Muhammad Ali inspired him.
"I want them to say my record never will be broken ... and, then the stage is set for me to just shock the whole planet and be recognized as not the greatest boxer, but the greatest athlete of all time. That's what I want when I leave this thing."  -Muhammad Ali in 1980
Muhammad Ali, the poet and the fighter
Muhammad Ali, the silver-tongued boxing legend and civil rights champion who famously proclaimed himself "The Greatest" and then spent a lifetime living up to that lofty billing, has died.
Move over Burning Man... this is Bernie Man
"I was removed from Donald Trump's rally tonight for practicing journalism without the campaign's permission."  - Ben Schreckinger said in a tweet
The complaint alleges that the women players in some cases earn as much as four times less than their counterparts on the men's national team.
The House Speaker is surprised by Trump's racially charged comments, and it's hard to imagine why.  - Steve Benen
Hillary Clinton could be the declared the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee by Tuesday night.
Here's where some top Bush administration figures stand on their party's presumptive nominee.
"Laila's number one priority is her father's well-being. She truly appreciates the outpouring of love for her family, as she spends quality time with her dad."  -A spokeswoman for Ali's daughter, Laila, said.
"Don't ever be afraid to ask for help."  - Michelle Obama
"Look at my African-American over here."  - Donald J. Trump, at a rally in Redding, California  Watch more: http://on.msnbc.com/1Pssmjc
How highways paved the way for more and more white people to move into homogeneous suburbs.
Transgender people have been shielded from discrimination in bathrooms and other public places for more than four decades.
One woman wearing a Trump jersey was cornered, spat on, and pelted with eggs and water bottles.
Fmr. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright decries Donald J. Trump's "ridiculous, dangerous nonsense."
The swollen Seine River keeps rising.
"I completely disagree with the thinking behind that," Speaker Paul Ryan said.
Have questions for Chuck Todd? Ask them on Meet the Press' Facebook page ↓
Following Speaker Paul Ryan's endorsement, the question remains: How deeply committed are Republicans to Donald J. Trump?
Did Speaker Paul Ryan have no choice but to endorse Donald J. Trump?
On second thought ...
Fentanyl is the strongest opioid approved for medical use in the United States, rated as 30 to 50 times more potent than heroin.
Watch: Protesters set fire to a Donald J. Trump supporter's hat.  Read more about the San Jose assaults here: http://on.msnbc.com/1TSUeyS
Senate Majority Leader Senator Mitch McConnell on Donald J. Trump's off-the-cuff remarks: "Put me down in favor of boring ... I'd like to see a few more scripts." http://on.msnbc.com/24XPVUE
No touching!
This footage shows the moment when one of Donald J. Trump's supporters is egged in the face by protesters.  Watch more here: http://on.msnbc.com/20Xipeh
"It was the most devastating attack on Donald J. Trump that we have seen so far. The only one who ever came close was Elizabeth Warren. But I will tell you, this was presidential, and this was her basically writing him off." - Mika Brzezinski, co-host of Morning Joe, on Hillary Clinton
The three-time heavyweight champion has been hospitalized twice in the last two years.
Calvin Harris's summer 2016 music takeover is in full-effect.
Should regular citizens worry that their rights are being violated?
Channing Tatum answering our deepest wishes.
"The focus should be on the music and not my sexuality."
I don't think I ever envied these celebs more than I do now :)
"I am not perfect, and I never will be."
You're welcome, Spotify users.
It's a load of barnacles.
And Chris Brown responded in a video he posted to Instagram.
Loving this rap-rock remix.
Life's a beach, and Fifth Harmony is just playing in the sand.
"It is crucial that people know that we are terrific human beings. It is a crucial risk to take."
The ~rumors~ are true.
Glad that's settled.
Dj Dahi is mad talented.
Morrissey's refusal to be defined was his greatest subject as a songwriter.
Selena Gomez is strutting her stuff.
Liam Hemsworth and his team take on the aliens in Independence Day tomorrow!
I'm sure you have the same questions about Pretty Little Liars that I do...
Basically sums up my love story in 4 minutes.
What can students do when the schools themselves are the bullies?
Taylor Swift to the rescue.
What does it mean to be queer femme?   In honor of Pride Month, here are more people like Shivani who embrace their true selves from #NoIDRequired: http://on.mtv.com/28TcGFF
And their career choices aren't so ~out of the box~.
Almost Famous director Cameron Crowe is heading to Showtime Networks this summer with his new show Roadies.
Who exactly is marshmello? Like Skrillex? Maybe Tiësto? An investigation.
When police can use evidence obtained illegally, what does that mean about our legal system?
Keep doing you, Ariel Winter.
Christy Carlson Romano has a new Even Stevens member on the way!
Lil Wayne reflects on his recent health scare.
Women are teaming up to fight sexual harassment in public. (via ATTN:)
This may be my summer go-to jam.
Maybe we should be learning something from the '90s...?
Chat with the cast of MTV2's Guy Code vs. Girl Code!
Are Republicans starting to buy into Donald J. Trump's frighteningly flawed logic?
Things are getting steamy between these two.
Who knew Kendall Jenner was so creative?
Two Libertarians walk into a town hall...
Did someone say Idris Elba?!
J.K. Rowling reps for the underdogs.
"Kanye West is a logical magnet for queer admirers because of the fire we all know and love, hate, or some mix of both."
This warmed my heart so much, Selena Gomez.
He didn't have very good judgement, huh? (via AOL)
I don't know how I feel about these new couples...
Of course there are no female writers on Adult Swim + Elizabeth Banks couldn't play Mary Jane in Spider-Man  because ageism + sexism in Hollywood rules everything.
He was reportedly assaulted  by someone on Drake's team.
Cut. It. Out. So stoked to finally meet this character.
Get your Daria fix on Hulu!
What would happen if underground rap battles were a little more woke?   This video was created in Collaboration with The KEY OF AWESOME/Barely Productions:  https://www.facebook.com/barelyproductions
She hasn't taken a day off in a year?
They seem pretty happy with their fashion choices.
Some were better than others. (via Refinery29)
Considering what happened on The Challenge last night, let's talk about this.
Have you read our The 1975 cover story yet?
Chad has somehow managed to get back at one of his former competitors AFTER leaving The Bachelorette.
"Mother, May I Sleep With Danger? is a mess of half-articulated and half-abandoned ideologies."
When life gives Beyoncé lemons, she wears them as a headband.
Totally forgot they were in Cow Belles.
Happy Belated Birthday, Lana Del Rey <3
Can I be their style triplet?
The Flash even has Batman's heart.
10 years since the release of her first country single, and Taylor Swift's anthems of confessional heartbreak have never been more timely.
How could you, OITNB?
But who are the Pop-Tarts for?
Kylie Jenner's new shades are giving me the ~blues~.
Kibbles n' Boltons is all the rage in Westeros.
Maybe Zayn will rethink that studio time w/Tyler the Creator?
Her super candid live video has me smiling ear to ear.
Ladylike hilariously calls guys out on the ~ facts ~
There are no limits for Kanye West.
It would be out of this world.
She's all grown up in The Neon Demon.
"I thought that was the only way to make the hate directed toward me disappear."
"Westside the best side."
"Power suits are for pop music queens, and we can either suit up in solidarity or get out of their way."
Kevin Hart has some explaining to do.
In honor of Pride Month, this is something definitely to remember.   More #NoIDRequired here: http://on.mtv.com/28Nv926
You tried, Blake Lively, you tried.
The supermodel queen has spoken.
Franchesca "Chescaleigh" Ramsey hosts the most *woke* underground rap battle of all time.
Wiz Khalifa offers up some ~ relaxation ~ motivation for the people.
But seriously though, how can you turn down Harvard?
Talk about being ~stressed out~.
Rep. John Lewis is currently leading a sit-in for gun control legislation — but it's not his first time.
From Gilmore Girls to Harry Potter, these fandoms need your help: http://on.mtv.com/28PfUeW
It's pay day in Westeros.
Bigotry has no place in our schools — but queer students do.
I can't believe this FRIENDS (TV Show) episode almost didn't exist. (via AOL)
Is Blake Lively Hollywood's perfect woman?
It matters to see a potential president offering forthright support of reproductive rights and abortion access.
The things Kylie Jenner does for fashion.
Take your pick for Animation Fandom of the Year: http://on.mtv.com/28Q53RK
Proof Kendall Jenner is only human, just like the rest of us.
6-year-old Jennette McCurdy was more popular than Regina George.
So, what was the real reason Donald J. Trump's campaign manager was fired?
~ Sorry ~ Spotify users.
Some of your favorite bands are going head-to-head at the Fandom Awards: http://on.mtv.com/28RGGRZ
There's societal shaming of people who aren't considered "smart" and it needs to stop. (via The Atlantic)
What's up with political correctness? And how are we really using it?
The late singer's daughter Paris has urged everyone to "ignore the trash."
All of these moments had you screaming, but only one can win at the Fandom Awards: http://on.mtv.com/28MPW6k
Bootleg Kanye West merch for all!
Nothing like expensive baby clothes to make 2 Chainz smile.
Some people in Congress don't want Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill.    Here's proof that she deserves to stay on put.
Take your pick for Best New Fandom of the Year at the Fandom Awards: http://fandom.mtv.com
This morning, the #RockOn mission with student experiments launched from our Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia: http://go.nasa.gov/28RVKeJ
Pluto's largest moon, Charon, is home to an unusual canyon system. Scientists with our New Horizons mission estimate it to be as deep as 5.5 miles (9 kilometers), which is more than five times the depth of the Grand Canyon. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/28VQ2Mu
Our Restore-L mission is an endeavor to launch a robotic spacecraft in 2020 to refuel a live satellite. The mission – the first of its kind in low-Earth orbit - will demonstrate satellite-servicing technologies. The current candidate client for this venture is Landsat 7, an Earth-observing satellite. Beyond refueling, the Restore-L mission also will test other crosscutting technologies. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/28QaWsT
A new dark vortex was discovered in the atmosphere of Neptune. These are high-pressure systems and are usually accompanied by bright "companion clouds," which are also now visible on the distant planet. Though similar features were seen previously, this vortex is the first one observed on Neptune in the 21st century.  More: http://go.nasa.gov/28PI0Bb

Meet our scientists who study extreme weather. Join us for a Facebook Live video today at 1 p.m. EDT for a tour of the Global Precipitation Measurement Mission Operations Center and Q&A with scientists: https://www.facebook.com/nasa.rain
Fire in space! Understanding how fire spreads in a microgravity environment is critical to the safety of astronauts who live and work in space and is a critical element as we progress on the #JourneyToMars. So, to learn more about how flames spread in space, we successfully ignited a fire on an experiment aboard a space station cargo spacecraft. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/28P4HFL
An unexpected find on Mars! Scientists have discovered a mineral called tridymite in a rock sample. The discovery might induce scientists to rethink the volcanic history of Mars, suggesting that the planet once had explosive volcanoes that led to the presence of the mineral. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/28StmwQ
X-ray echoes from a galaxy 3.8 billion light-years away reveal a tidal event of a monster black hole that shredded a star that passed too close. These events help astronomers probe the population of supermassive black holes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/28NyfD2
Astronaut Tim Kopra chats with fellow astronauts about his return to Earth. Watch:
Explore our flying SOFIA observatory:
Want to explore our flying telescope, the SOFIA Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy? Come onboard for a Facebook Live event at 4pm ET today: http://go.nasa.gov/28NiV9S
NASA's Space Launch System will be the largest and most powerful rocket ever built. Here are four cool facts about the June 28 booster test firing: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/146310681489/four-cool-facts-about-our-new-rockets-booster #JourneyToMars
Along the Bellingshausen Sea coast of West Antarctica, ice has been retreating inland being lost to the sea. Scientists knew this, but they lacked a full picture of the scale. Researchers found that such losses have been going on for at least the past four decades and along the vast majority of this coast. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/28MXwgI
Apple TV? There's a NASA app for that. Our NASA app is now available on the fourth-generation #AppleTV. Learn more about our app and all the available devices: http://go.nasa.gov/28LygHL
The International Space Station got an internet facelift! In a major step toward creating a Solar System Internet, this month the Delay/Disruption Tolerant networking (DTN) service was established on the orbiting laboratory. The DTN service will help automate and improve data availability for the crew onboard. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/28LydMi
First 'wind nebula,' a vast cloud of high-energy particles, discovered around a rare ultra-magnetic neutron star! A neutron star is the crushed core of a massive star that ran out of fuel, collapsed under its own weight and exploded as a supernova. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/28ODNBG
Have you ever seen a rocket launch in-person? Do you want to? Now is your chance. Apply to attend our #NASASocial event in July at Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will lift off on a mission to deliver science experiments and technology research to the International Space Station. Apply now: http://go.nasa.gov/1rvyOe1
From our Juno spacecraft arriving at Jupiter to electric wind on Venus, here are a few things you should know about our solar system this week: http://go.nasa.gov/28L8p6V
Youngest ever fully formed planet discovered around a distant star: http://go.nasa.gov/28KsXMT  The newfound planet, K2-33b, is a bit larger than Neptune and whips tightly around its star every five days. It is only 5 to 10 million years old, making it one of a very few newborn planets found to date. In addition to the planet, the star hosts a disk of planetary debris, seen as a bright ring encircling the star.
A powerful "electric wind" could have played a significant role in stripping Venus of its oceans. Understanding electric wind will help astronomers improve estimates of the size and location of habitable zones around other stars. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/28JbIaE
The shadow of Saturn's rings creep ever southward across the planet in this image taken by our Cassini spacecraft. This view was obtained at a distance of approximately 1.7 million miles from Saturn. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/28JUkGZ
New challenge aims to grow human tissue to aid in deep space exploration. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1rvAqEz
In 2018, we're launching the world's biggest space telescope! The James Webb Space Telescope is like your backyard telescope…just MUCH more powerful. Learn about it here: http://www.nasa.tumblr.com/post/144962635374/the-james-webb-space-telescope/
Feel the rumble of the next cargo launch to the International Space Station! Apply to attend our #NASASocial in Florida this July as we launch science and supplies to the orbiting laboratory. Details and application: http://go.nasa.gov/1rvzcsX
From using simulators to analyzing designs, our NASA Commercial Crew Program astronauts work side-by-side with Boeing and SpaceX to return human launches to U.S. soil. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uic7Y4
Play Kerbal Space Program? Now you can tackle your own virtual asteroid sampling mission, similar to our OSIRIS-REx Sample Return Mission: http://go.nasa.gov/1rvxp7b
NASA's Curiosity Mars Rover has analyzed its 12th drilled sample of Mars and is now set to climb Mount Sharp on Mars: http://go.nasa.gov/1rvyhJ4
A small asteroid has been discovered in an orbit around the sun that keeps it as a constant companion of Earth, and it will remain so for centuries to come. Learn more: http://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/small-asteroid-is-earths-constant-companion
How cold can you go? A first-of-its-kind cooler for the NASA Webb Telescope has completed testing. About the size of a household fridge, this cooler is key to catching faint whispers of light from the very first stars born in our universe billions of years ago. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uib62o
Did you know that you can spot the International Space Station in the night sky? Use this tool to find out when and where to look up: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/139058870124/spot-the-international-space-station
This week in NASA History, Sally Ride became the first American woman in space. Learn more about her journey here: http://go.nasa.gov/21sp8x3
Witness a rocket launch during our July #NASASocial in Florida! Watch as supplies and science are sent to the International Space Station from Kennedy Space Center. Apply here: http://go.nasa.gov/1UhpcRD
Could we detect gravitational waves from space? The LISA Pathfinder mission has successfully tested a key technology needed to detect these tiny ripples in the fabric of space. Gravitational waves were first seen last year by the ground-based Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO). Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uhn5x3
Unseen to the human eye, GPS signals can "twinkle". Watch to discover more about this atmospheric phenomenon: https://youtu.be/UDAjxgD_lZg
After 186 days in space, the three crew returned home to Earth from the International Space Station at 5:15 a.m. EDT. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uh7w8y
Watch the crew of the International Space Station return to Earth after living and working in space for the last six months:
Three humans have left the International Space Station and are headed back to Earth in #Soyuz spacecraft. Watch their landing starting at 4 a.m. EDT on NASA Television: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Tune in at 1:30 a.m. EDT to watch as the crew from the International Space Station undocks and heads home to Earth: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Tonight, crew on the International Space Station prepare for their return to Earth after their six month stay in space. Watch their farewell and hatch closure starting at 10:15 p.m. EDT on NASA Television: http://go.nasa.gov/1W4lwls
What happened "This Week @NASA?" We shared our plan to transform aviation, Juno spacecraft gets closer to Jupiter and more! Watch here: https://youtu.be/o4GnRKTw2zc
We lit a fire in space this week to see how it spreads in microgravity. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1W4h5XR
Feel the rumble of the next cargo launch to the International Space Station! Apply to attend our #NASASocial in Florida this July as we launch science and supplies to the orbiting laboratory. Details and application: http://go.nasa.gov/1W3yBeS
Hubble sweeps scattered stars in this colorful & star-studded view of the Milky Way galaxy: http://go.nasa.gov/1W3y10v
With 14 electric motors turning propellers and all of them integrated into a uniquely-designed wing, we will test new propulsion technology using an experimental airplane now designated the X-57 and nicknamed "Maxwell."  Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1W3wwzA
This week on the International Space Station, we studied how fires spread in space & more. Watch our update:
Watch as NASA Administrator Charles Bolden delivers remarks at #AiAAaviation 2016 on how we're working to transform aviation. Tune in live at 8 a.m. EDT: http://livestream.com/AIAAvideo/aviation2016
Watch as NASA Administrator Charles Bolden delivers remarks at #AiAAaviation 2016 on how we're working to transform aviation. Tune in live at 8 a.m. EDT: http://livestream.com/AIAAvideo/aviation2016
From magnetic levitation to frozen wax, the SpaceX #Dragon cargo vehicle launching in July will carry a wide range of science. The spacecraft will deliver nearly 4,900 pounds of cargo, crew supplies and research experiments to the International Space Station. Details:  http://go.nasa.gov/24UE8Vl
We're with you when you fly! We're working to improve flight training, cockpit displays and other flight deck operations. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/24UE4VC
Be amazed! View this new Ultra High Definition (4K) view of our home planet from the International Space Station crew. Watch in full 4K here: https://youtu.be/FlJaF2XkR6k
New data from our New Horizons spacecraft's #PlutoFlyby compares & contrasts Pluto's icy moons: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ot4oEu
Catch a preview of our Juno spacecraft's arrival at Jupiter today at 2 p.m. EDT! Have questions during the briefing? Use #askNASA: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Secrets lie deep within Jupiter, shrouded in the solar system's strongest magnetic field and most lethal radiation belts. On July 4, NASA's Juno Mission to Jupiter will plunge into uncharted territory, entering orbit around the gas giant and passing closer than any spacecraft before. Juno will see Jupiter for what it really is, but first it must pass the trial of orbit insertion. Watch:
How do we ensure future crew landing in the Orion spacecraft are safe? Water-impact tests! http://go.nasa.gov/1UdQIiE
Building the future: The crew on the International Space Station 3-D printed the first student-designed tool in space! The Multipurpose Precision Maintenance Tool is designed to provide astronauts with a single tool that can help with a variety of tasks, including tightening nuts or bolts of different sizes and stripping wires. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Pus1XV
Probing the inner core of hurricanes may sound like something from a SciFi movie, but this is exactly what our CYGNSS mission will do. Our Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System (CYGNSS) mission took another major step last month as the eight microsatellites successfully completed functional and environmental testing of their systems and software. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UdFjzE
On to the next spot. Our Opportunity Mars Rover completes work at "Marathon Valley" and prepares to travel southeast on the Red Planet. In this location, Opportunity examined the clay-bearing rocks on the valley floor that were detected from orbit. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Pufe7R
Join Deputy Administrator Dava Newman for our United #StateOfWomen event today at 1 p.m. EDT. Tune in here: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv

Chat with an astronaut! Join NASA astronaut Christina Koch and the Air and Space Museum for a Facebook Live at 12:15 p.m. EDT: https://www.facebook.com/airandspace
Feel the rumble of the next cargo launch to the International Space Station! Apply to attend our #NASASocial in Florida on July 16 as we launch science and supplies to the orbiting laboratory. Details and application: http://go.nasa.gov/1UbuQof
In a first, a methane leak at a facility on Earth seen & measured by satellite instrument in space: http://go.nasa.gov/1PsFvn7
We just lit a fire in space! The #Saffire experiment on the #Cygnus cargo ship tests how fire grows in microgravity: http://go.nasa.gov/1PsDMhF
Does this gluttonous star hold clues to planet formation? It's eaten the equivalent of 18 Jupiters in the last 80 years. See how infrared data helps us find out: http://go.nasa.gov/1UbhwjA
Think you have what it takes to travel to Mars? Get inspired with new posters now available: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ps9ewm
Our flying observatory, SOFIA, is traveling to New Zealand to study stars and other objects that cannot be seen while flying in the Northern Hemisphere. Find out more: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145911930389/our-flying-observatory-goes-to-new-zealand
Fire in the hole! Glenn Research Center science experiment will light fire today inside the #Cygnus cargo vehicle: http://go.nasa.gov/1Prc1WA
Departure confirmed! The #Cygnus cargo vehicle was successfully released from from the International Space Station at 9:30am ET. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UaOFfr
Five hours after departing the International Space Station, scientists will light a fire inside the #Cygnus cargo vehicle today. This experiment will help them understand how fire spreads in microgravity. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1OUmIS0
At 9am ET: Watch live coverage of Orbital ATK's #Cygnus cargo spacecraft departing from the International Space Station after delivering supplies: http://go.nasa.gov/1U9MhFH  Five hours after departure, the Saffire-I experiment will take place onboard the uncrewed cargo craft. Saffire-I provides a new way to study a realistic fire on a spacecraft. This hasn't been possible in the past because the risks for performing such studies on crewed spacecraft are too high. Instruments on the returning Cygnus will measure flame growth, oxygen use and more. Results could determine microgravity flammability limits for several spacecraft materials, help to validate NASA's material selection criteria, and help scientists understand how microgravity and limited oxygen affect flame size. The investigation is crucial for the safety of current and future space missions.
Tomorrow, after delivering almost 7,500 pounds of cargo to support dozens of science experiments from around the world, the Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo spacecraft is set to leave the International Space Station. Watch live coverage starting at 9am ET:  http://go.nasa.gov/1UgCdHS
An interaction of a small object embedded in Saturn's F ring and material in the core of the ring is the likely cause of the disruption seen in this Cassini spacecraft image. Scientists sometimes refer to these features as "jets". Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1U9Mskc
Researchers found evidence that intense X-ray radiation produced by some young stars has destroyed disks of dust and gas surrounding them. Theses disks are where planets form. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1U9L4hC
Double suns! A new planet that orbits two suns has been discovered using our Kepler Space Telescope. Planets that orbit two stars are known as circumbinary planets. The stars here are similar to the sun, with one slightly larger than our home star and the other slightly smaller. The planet has a mass and radius nearly identical to that of Jupiter, making it the largest transiting circumbinary planet ever found. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1U9D2Fz
From rugged shores on Pluto to weather patterns on Mars, here are a few things you should know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145866690754/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Can you hear the difference in these two airplanes? Noise-predicting software like this, helps us as we work to make aircraft quieter. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1tmnlPd
Rewriting the playbook on Pluto: Our New Horizons mission continues to give us new data to share about the planet: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ue6jvJ
What's up in the sky this month? Saturn at its best! Plus good views of Mars, Jupiter and Jupiter's moons continue from dusk to dawn. Get the details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145305308019/whats-up-for-june-2016
This Prototype-Technology Evaluation Research Aircraft (PTERA) is a 10-percent-scale model of a medium-range twinjet airplane. It can be used to test any number of aeronautical technologies, from advanced control algorithms to avant-garde wing designs. Learn more about this test plane: http://go.nasa.gov/1U6GT6l
Our aircraft-based SOFIA telescope pinpoints water vapor around a newly forming star. Most of this young star's water vapor is located in material flowing away from the star, which was unexpected. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Usm8MF
The drizzle of stars scattered across this Hubble Space Telescope image forms an irregular dwarf galaxy. Galaxies of this type are a little smaller and messier than their cosmic cousins, lacking in the majestic swirl of a spiral or the coherence of an elliptical. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1U6G39A

What happened "This Week @NASA"? Orbital ATK's #Cygnus cargo spacecraft is packed for its launch in July, our CORAL #EarthExpedition continues studies in Hawaii and more! Watch: https://youtu.be/p_snvjghMJg
Earth seems huge to us, but here are a few space facts that may make you feel very small: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/136762377389/7-facts-that-will-make-you-feel-very-small
This week on the International Space Station, Bigelow Aerospace's Expandable Activity Module opens up for the first time and more. Watch here: https://youtu.be/pYT2H9DdE0g Questions? Use #SpaceToGround
Could dust storms on the Red Planet have seasonal patterns? Our Mars orbiters help us find out: http://go.nasa.gov/1RZh3JM

At 11 a.m. EDT, we'll be live from the robot pit of our 2016 Sample Return Robot Challenge! Join us on Facebook Live to hear from the teams and see what it's like to compete: https://www.facebook.com/nasacc/
The booster for our Space Launch System rocket is "chilling" out ahead of its hot-fire test on June 28. Testing at the thermal extremes experienced by the booster on the launch pad is important to understanding the effects of temperature on the performance of how the propellant burns. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1UEZOiC
Tomorrow, join us behind-the-scenes in the robot pit of our 2016 Sample Return Robot Challenge. We'll chat with some of the teams and show you what it's like to compete in this robot challenge. Tune in to our Facebook Live at 11 a.m. EDT: https://www.facebook.com/nasacc/
Take a look at this new view of Pluto! Our New Horizons spacecraft zoomed in on the southeastern portion of the dwarf planet's great ice plains, where at the lower right the plains border rugged, dark highlands. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UF04hm

Our new Coral Reef Airborne Laboratory (CORAL) #EarthExpedition is studying how coral reefs are changing globally due to the effects of climate change and human activities. Join scientists at 3 p.m. EDT during a Facebook Live straight from the field in Hawaii: https://www.facebook.com/nasaearth/
Explore the Tranquility Module on the International Space Station in this 360° experience! (For best results, use a mobile device to float around)
Beams of light shine down on a golden sun-lit lake in this image taken from the International Space Station on May 31. This view looks from northwestern China on the bottom into eastern Kazakhstan. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1UDQdso
Our CORAL #EarthExpedition is studying coral reefs in Hawaii using airborne and in-water surveys. Join us tomorrow for a Facebook Live straight from the field! Ask our scientists your questions about coral reefs, their ocean ecosystem and our mission to study them at 3 p.m. EDT: https://www.facebook.com/nasaearth/
Hot Jupiters, extra large planets that orbit very close to their stars, could be hiding atmospheric water beneath their clouds. The clouds themselves are likely not made of water, as these planets are too hot for water-based clouds. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1UoM2ka
How does the International Space Station help us study air and space science? The orbiting laboratory provides a unique perspective that allows us to study things differently than on the ground. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ufo2Em
The multipurpose Neutron star Interior Composition Explorer (NICER) mission arrived at our Kennedy Space Center in Florida to be prepared for its launch in early 2017. This astrophysics mission will demonstrate trailblazing space navigation technology, as well as study the ultra-dense interiors of neutron stars. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1UozzNE
For the second time, Bigelow Aerospace's Expandable Activity Module (BEAM) hatch was opened. Astronaut Jeff Williams worked to outfit the expandable habitat with sensors to demonstrate the overall performance and capability of expandable habitats for the next two years. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TXZZeJ
Wildfires burning in Arizona have been spotted by the Suomi NPP satellite. See the latest views from space: http://go.nasa.gov/1rcaltT
Rev'd up robots! Student teams compete for $1.5 million at this year's Sample Return Robot Challenge. Teams must demonstrate an autonomous robot that can locate, collect and return geologic samples on natural terrain without human control and within a specified time. Find out when you can watch the competition: http://go.nasa.gov/1TXSPqN
What may look like frosting on a chocolate cake, is actually an image of defrosting sand dunes on Mars. In late winter on the southern hemisphere of Mars, these dunes get enough sunlight to start defrosting their seasonal cover of carbon dioxide. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TXJgIB
Instead of looking up at clouds picturing all sorts of shapes, what about looking down upon Earth's dynamic clouds? For the past 10 years, CALIPSO has done just that, using lasers to take more than 5.7 billion lidar measurements of the vertical structure and properties of Earth's clouds and atmospheric aerosols. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1TXDIOd
Rare, high-altitude noctilucent or "night shining" clouds seen from the International Space Station. These clouds form between 76 and 85 kilometers above Earth's surface, in a region known as the mesopause. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1VIN8wp
We're studying the southern skies of New Zealand with our SOFIA Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy. For the next eight weeks, the aircraft-based observatory will study celestial objects that are best observed from southern latitudes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1VILVFb
Our Operation IceBridge, an airborne survey of polar ice, completes 2016 campaign. During their five weeks of operations, mission scientists carried out six research flights over sea ice and ten over land ice. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/213X2s1
From the weather on Mars to the dark side of Pluto, here are a few things to know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145519842389/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Distant Titan, its northern hemisphere drenched in the sunlight of late spring, hangs above Saturn's rings. What might at first glance look like a gap between the rings and the planet is actually Saturn's shadow. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1VIf9UF
Our satellites keep an eye on #TropicalStormColin as rain spreads over Florida's west coast: http://go.nasa.gov/1VHVjcc
At 4:47 a.m. EDT this morning, astronaut Jeff Williams opened the hatch to the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM) for the first time. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/2133AH8
In case you missed it: What's up in the night skies for June? Saturn at its best! Plus, good views of Mars, Jupiter and Jupiter's moons continue from dusk to dawn. Check it out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145305308019/whats-up-for-june-2016
A relatively small but growing active region on our sun illustrated the fierce battle of magnetic fields as they connect and reconnect and struggle from May 30-31, 2016. As we observe it close-up in extreme ultraviolet light using the Solar Dynamics Observatory, we can see the magnetic field lines shift and change very quickly. The field lines are visible because charged particles, visible in this wavelength, are spinning along the magnetic arcs reaching between areas of opposite polarities. The area was the source of numerous small eruptions, including one or two solar flares.   Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1WB95hX
Want to #SpotTheStation flying over your house? Get alerts when the International Space Station flies over: http://go.nasa.gov/1FazhlK
BEAM me up! On Monday, astronaut Jeff Williams will enter Bigelow Aerospace's Expandable Activity Module on the International Space Station. While inside, Williams will take an air sample, place caps on the now closed ascent vent valves, install ducting to assist air circulation, retrieve deployment data sensors and manually open the tanks used for pressurization to ensure all of the air has been released. He will also install sensors over the following two days that will be used for gathering data on how an expandable habitats performs in the thermal environment of space. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/210NCgP
Come fly with...our Juno spacecraft! Using NASA's Eyes on the Solar System you can ride along from Earth to #Jupiter, where Juno will arrive on July 4: http://go.nasa.gov/25HmoCu
Bacteria and fungi grown on the International Space Station returned to Earth last month. Studying these samples will help researchers study how microgravity affects tiny organisms that were deliberately brought from Earth, and what kinds of microbes were already living alongside astronauts. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UBL8DD
Researchers find that the role of clouds and sea ice for Arctic climate change may be more complex than previously thought. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WApUte

How are coral reefs changing globally due to climate change and human activities? Our CORAL #EarthExpedition seeks to find the answers. By focusing on entire reef ecosystems, CORAL scientists will get state-of-the-art insights into how biological, physical and chemical processes shape and affect the ecosystems. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1r7avTn
This 10.5-billion-year-old globular cluster is home to heavy-metal stars, meaning they're enriched with much higher proportions of metals than stars found in similar clusters. This view seen by the Hubble Space telescope resides at about 35,000 light-years away. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1r79N8I
Our satellites are monitoring rainfall in Texas and Oklahoma flooding. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1X3hNp2
Hot fire rocket test at our Wallops Flight Facility, demo showing how we're making airplane sonic booms quieter and more on "This Week @NASA". Watch: https://youtu.be/4cCdiTnt4BE
From space, air and sea, our North Atlantic Aerosols and Marine Ecosystems Study (NAAMES) is a field experiment that is studying the world's largest plankton bloom. We hope to understand how these blooms give rise to small organic particles that leave the ocean and end up in the atmosphere, ultimately influencing clouds and climate. Find out more: https://youtu.be/5agitRTpjRo
The Bigelow Expandable Activity Module was deployed, Mark Zuckerberg chatted with the crew and much more on the International Space Station this week. Watch here: https://youtu.be/t2wdNxCvLiw Questions? Use #SpaceToGround
What's happening 250 miles above Earth on the International Space Station? Here's a quick update for you: http://go.nasa.gov/25DDEsj
Seen here, sunlight filters through and illuminates Pluto's complex atmospheric haze layers. Looking back at the dwarf planet with images like this gives New Horizons scientists information about hazes and surface properties that they can't get from images taken on approach. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1r4t1vC
Extremely bright fireball lit the pre-dawn sky over much of Arizona early Thursday. There were no reports of damage or injury. Based on numerous eyewitness accounts, a small asteroid estimated at 10 feed in diameter, with a mass in the tens of tons entered Earth's atmosphere above Arizona just before 4 a.m. MST. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/25Dmefq
Using data from the Hubble Space Telescope, astronomers found that the universe is expanding 5 – 9% faster than expected. A three-step process known as the Hubble constant is used to measure the universe's expansion rate to an unprecedented accuracy, reducing the total uncertainty to 2.4%. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1r41E4M
The greening Arctic: Using almost 30 years of data from our satellites, scientists track changes in vegetation in Alaska and Canada. Of the more than 4 million square miles, 30% had increases in vegetation (greening). Temperatures are warming faster in the Arctic than elsewhere, which has led to longer seasons for plans to grow and changes in the soil. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/25CKmPi
What's up for June? Saturn at its best! Plus, good views of Mars, Jupiter and Jupiter's moons. Find out when and where to look up: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145305308019/whats-up-for-june-2016
Our upcoming CORAL #EarthExpedition will collect detailed, uniform, large-scale dataset on coral reefs. The airborne instrument that will be used is designed to observe hard-to-see coastal water phenomena. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UvnlVV
Satellite finds unreported and major human-made sources of toxic sulfur dioxide emissions. A known health hazard and contributor to acid rain, sulfur dioxide (SO2) is one of six air pollutants regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uvn8lr
Our 18.8 million-cubic-foot super pressure balloon (SPB) circumnavigated the globe after 14 days of flight. The purpose of this flight is to test and validate SPB technology. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1VxtMdr
Like a cosmic lava lamp, a large section of Pluto's icy surface is being constantly renewed by a process called convection that replaces older surface ices with fresher material. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UuTxIS
Mark Zuckerberg will be asking YOUR questions to the International Space Station crew during a Facebook Live event at 12:55 p.m. EDT. Join us: http://www.facebook.com/nasa
On Facebook? Mark Zuckerberg asks your Qs to astronauts on the International Space Station tomorrow at 12:55 p.m. EDT. Submit your questions: https://www.facebook.com/events/1763878947164869/
Saturn will be visible in the night sky and a few more things to know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145215005809/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Situated 8,000 light-years away, giant stars form at the heart of the "little fox" constellation. These giant stars are some of the biggest in the galaxy, some even containing dozens of times the mass of the sun. Discover more : http://go.nasa.gov/22wqrfy
Saturn's moons Janus and Mimas coast in their silent orbits beyond the rings in this view from our Cassini spacecraft. This image was taken in green light with Cassini's narrow-angle camera. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1r1AgEO
On Snapchat? Add "NASA" & check out today's story for a glimpse of how we're working to make sonic booms quieter!
The iridescent blues of Australia's Great Barrier Reef as seen from the International Space Station. Take a closer look: http://go.nasa.gov/1PgL6lF

We're working to make airplane sonic booms quieter: Watch our Facebook Live at 1 p.m. EDT for a flight demo: http://www.facebook.com/NASAArmstrong
Today, new planetary stamps made their debut, but space has actually been featured on many stamps in the past. Take a look at some of the space stamps from history: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/145207655664/space-stamps
Coming to a post office near you…new stamps honoring our planetary discoveries! "Views of Our Planets" Forever stamps featuring iconic images of the planets in our solar system, as well as New "Pluto Explored" Forever stamps commemorating the July 2015 flyby of Pluto by our New Horizons spacecraft are being issued. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WtZFVi
Check out Mars…no scope needed! Look up & to the right of the moon to see Mars at its closest approach. Viewing tips: http://go.nasa.gov/1OYGyLg
Get outside to see a burnt orange Mars and a golden yellow Saturn in the night sky. Find out when and where to look: https://youtu.be/9qkzDcIeRV0
#MemorialDay is when we honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. We would like to thank these brave men and women who have given their all for us.
On Facebook? Mark Zuckerberg will ask your questions to the astronauts on space station. Submit your questions now. https://www.facebook.com/events/1763878947164869/
Why do some astronauts have vision changes after spending time in microgravity? New study aims to find out using human genetic data: https://youtu.be/kmvFGc5Tt38
Think you know Earth? Think again. We know a lot about our planet, but there is still much to learn. Here are nine facts that will make you rethink how well you know our world: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144658611659/earth-by-the-numbers
Aerial images show decades of foothill forest growth erased due to California's extreme drought. Three decades of forest growth was erased by drought impacts over much of the lower-elevation Sierra Nevada mountain region in the past couple of years. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/27XTmNG
Jupiter is now the most dominate gravitational force on our Juno spacecraft. Since its launch five years ago, there have been three forces tugging at the spacecraft as it speeds through the solar system — the sun, Earth and Jupiter. Juno will perform a Jupiter orbit insertion maneuver on July 4 of this year. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1sEzgrk
Space hitchhikers: our new Space Launch System rocket will carry a dozen small satellites on its first flight. On its maiden flight, the rocket will demonstrate its heavy-lift capability and send an uncrewed Orion spacecraft into deep space. Taking advantage of additional available mass and space, these small satellites will be sent to conduct experiments beyond low-Earth orbit. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WSjlSL
Revealing thousands of colorful galaxies in the constellation of Leo (The Lion), the Hubble Space Telescope captures this vibrant view of the early universe. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WSi0eG
Expansion and pressurization of the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM) is complete as of 4:44 p.m. EDT today. BEAM's pressure will be equalized with that of the International Space Station, where it will remain attached for a two-year test period.   The module measured just over 7 feet long and just under 7.75 feet in diameter in its packed configuration. BEAM now measures more than 13 feet long and about 10.5 feet in diameter to create 565 cubic feet of habitable volume. It weighs approximately 3,000 pounds.   During the next week, leak checks will be performed on BEAM to ensure its structural integrity. Hatch opening and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams' first entrance into BEAM will take place about a week after leak checks are complete.   BEAM is an example of NASA's increased commitment to partnering with industry to enable the growth of the commercial use of space. The project is co-sponsored by NASA's Advanced Exploration Systems Division and Bigelow Aerospace.   Expandable habitats are designed to take up less room on a spacecraft but provide greater volume for living and working in space once expanded. This first test of an expandable module will allow investigators to gauge how well the habitat performs and specifically, how well it protects against solar radiation, space debris and the temperature extremes of space.  Learn more: http://blogs.nasa.gov/spacestation
At 8:45am ET on NASA TV: Watch the second attempt expanding Bigelow Aerospace's Expandable Activity Module, or BEAM, the 1st human-rated expandable habitat on the International Space Station: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
What happened "This Week @NASA?" Veteran astronaut Scott Kelly visited DC, the James Webb Space Telescope's science instruments were installed and more! Take a look for the latest from around the agency: https://youtu.be/nqXQeBqJo_0
Second attempt at expanding the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM), currently attached to the International Space Station, is to be made at 9 a.m. EDT Saturday, May 28. NASA Television coverage will begin at 8:45 a.m. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1WQVq64
The ten-year gap in major hurricanes making landfall in the United States continues. It has been a decade since the last major hurricane, Category 3 or higher, made landfall in the U.S. This is the longest period of time for the U.S. to avoid a major hurricane since reliable records began in 1850. Details: https://youtu.be/KEvxPnXvEKE
NASA and Bigelow Aerospace engineering teams monitored the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM) overnight for structural changes, saw some additional expansion and lower pressure as module settled. Listen in as we discuss the latest at 2 p.m. ET: http://www.nasa.gov/news/media/newsaudio/index.html  http://gph.is/1UiqHeM
You're looking at the most detailed view of Pluto's terrain you'll see for a very long time. This mosaic strip, extending across the hemisphere that faced the New Horizons spacecraft, now includes all of the highest-resolution images taken by the probe. Take a closer look: http://go.nasa.gov/1XCp8uH
Join Mark Zuckerberg as he connects with astronauts on the International Space Station to ask questions from you, the users of Facebook via a Facebook Live event on Wednesday, June 1 at 12:55pm ET/11:55am CT/10:55am MT/09:55am PT/16:55 UTC.  What is it like to live and work in microgravity orbiting the Earth? What sorts of out-of-this-world science is underway in the space station's laboratories? How does the research in space help prepare to send humans on a Journey to Mars?   Have a question you'd like to ask? RSVP to this event and post your question here: https://www.facebook.com/events/1763878947164869/
We're hosting a teleconference today a 2 p.m. EDT with Bigelow Aerospace to discuss the status of the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module on the International Space Station. Details: http://www.nasa.gov/news/media/newsaudio/index.html
Find out how our James Webb Space Telescope is like your backyard telescope…just MUCH more powerful: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144962635374/the-james-webb-space-telescope
Clear evidence of a Martian ice age that occurred around 400,000 years ago was found by our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO). By analyzing radar images, scientists discovered evidence for this past ice age in the northern polar ice cap of Mars. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1WPXknu
Join us tomorrow as we discuss the status of Bigelow Aerospace's Expandable Activity Module installed on the International Space Station. We will host a teleconference at noon EDT tomorrow that will be available on our website: http://go.nasa.gov/25l33Uh
How do we ensure that our Orion spacecraft can withstand the thunderous force and pressure of a rocket launch? Test it! Engineers mimicked the launch environment the spacecraft will experience on a 2018 mission beyond the moon. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/25kHNhh
We're keeping an eye on the potential tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean as it moves toward the southeastern United States coast. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WPOYMO
Giant, dark area on the sun's upper half, known as a coronal hole was seen by our Solar Dynamics Observatory from May 17 – 19. Coronal holes are low-density regions of the sun's atmosphere. These holes are important to understanding the space environment around Earth through which our technology and astronauts travel. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/25kdreO
We're working closely with Bigelow Aerospace to understand why its module did not fully expand today as planned. For updates, visit: http://blogs.nasa.gov/spacestation/
Tune in for live updates on the expansion of #BEAM, the first human-rated expandable habitat on the International Space Station. Coverage begins at 5:30 a.m. EDT on NASA Television: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Set your alarms! Get live updates from Mission Control as the 1st human-rated expandable habitat is deployed to full size. Tune in to NASA Television tomorrow starting at 5:30 a.m. EDT: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144865039409/more-spacein-space
A new study on the International Space Station could improve design of tablets used to deliver medicine into the human body. This research looks at liquid-solid interactions and how certain pharmaceuticals dissolve, which may lead to more potent and effective medicines in space and on Earth. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TAmc2k
The art of creating digital hurricanes: see how we use atmospheric observations to create simulations of weather and climate conditions responsible for hurricanes. Scientists use these models to study the complex environment and structure of tropical storms and hurricanes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TAlTVl
Don't forget to ask veteran astronaut Scott Kelly your questions on Twitter about his #YearInSpace mission on the International Space Station. Tweet using #AskAstro starting at 4:30 p.m. EDT.
Our OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will map surface of astroid Bennu to identify the site where a sample will be collected. Bennu is part of the debris left over from the formation of the solar system and is pristine enough to hold clues to that very early history. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TznMS6
Veteran astronaut Scott Kelly is visiting our Headquarters today. Watch live at noon EDT as he takes questions from employees around the agency: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
TODAY, veteran astronaut Scott Kelly will be answering questions about his #YearInSpace mission. Use #AskAstro to join the conversation starting at 4:30 p.m. EDT on Twitter.
New study suggests that dark matter is made of black holes formed during the first second of our universe's existence. If this is correct, then all galaxies, including our own, are embedded within a vast sphere of black holes each about 30 times the sun's mass. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1OURQFH
How do giant black holes form so quickly? Our telescopes & observatories have found evidence that supermassive black hole seeds can form directly from the collapse of a giant gas cloud, skipping any intermediate steps. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1OURMFW
With surgical precision, two dozen engineers and technicians successfully installed the science instrument package into the James Webb Space Telescope structure. The package is the collection of cameras and spectrographs that will record the light collected by the telescope's giant golden mirror. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RoqhyV
RIGHT NOW: NASA and Bigelow Aerospace engineers are answering questions in a Reddit Science Q&A. Ask them anything about the #BEAM expandable module on the International Space Station: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/4kvf0i/nasa_ama_we_are_expanding_the_first_humanrated/

Curious about the Bigelow Aerospace expandable #BEAM module? Join our Facebook Live at 5 p.m. EDT to chat with engineers: http://www.facebook.com/ISS
More space…in space! Thursday, Bigelow Aerospace expands the #BEAM module on the International Space Station. Here's what you need to know: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144865039409/more-spacein-space    Have questions? Join one of our social events TODAY to ask the engineers –  Facebook Live at 5 p.m. EDT: http://www.facebook.com/ISS   Reddit Science Q&A at 6 p.m. EDT: http://www.reddit.com/r/science
From space to sea to scientists: More than one thousand tubes of blood, urine, and saliva made their way back to Earth from the International Space Station aboard the SpaceX-8 Dragon capsule, signaling an exciting next step for the scientists leading research for the recently completed One Year Mission. Learn about how the samples critical to the continuation of research have only just made their way back to labs this week: http://go.nasa.gov/1OTY5tk
From Saturn to Jupiter, here are a few things you should know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144808959734/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
The next SpaceX commercial cargo resupply services mission to the International Space Station is targeted for launch no earlier than ~1:32 a.m. EDT Saturday, July 16.  An uncrewed SpaceX Dragon spacecraft, carrying crew supplies and station hardware, will lift off on a Falcon 9 rocket from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, adjacent to NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.  Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1qFEMbI
Ready for Hurricane Season? The Atlantic Ocean hurricane season begins June 1 and runs through Nov. 30. This year, activity in the Atlantic basin began unusually early, with the development in January of Hurricane Alex in the eastern Atlantic. Our satellites provide information such as cloud and sea-surface temperatures, rainfall locations and rates of rainfall within each storm. See how we'll be studying future storms: http://go.nasa.gov/1Xsw11M
DEADLINE CLOSES TODAY: Feel the rumble of a deep space rocket booster test during a June #NASASocial in Utah. We're inviting social media followers to watch as we test the largest, most powerful booster in the world for our Space Launch System rocket that will carry humans on our #JourneyToMars. Get more details and apply to attend here: http://go.nasa.gov/1qFr1db
Our sun's adolescence was stormy – and new evidence shows that these storms may have been just the key to seeding life as we know it: http://go.nasa.gov/1WdrFwh
Earth is about to lap Mars and then Saturn in their race around the sun. Get details on how and when to watch these planetary close approaches: https://youtu.be/9qkzDcIeRV0

Our Cassini spacecraft climbs higher over Saturn's poles and captures this stunning image on the way. This view looks toward the sunlit side of the rings at a distance of approximately 1.7 million miles from Saturn. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1NHcqJs
For 10 years, our Deep Space Network, Near Earth Network and Space Network have worked together as one program to keep everything connected and communicating across the solar system & beyond. Learn more: http://www.nasa.gov/directorates/heo/scan/news_scan_tenth_anniversary.html
Why has the sea ice cover surrounding Antarctica been increasing slightly, in sharp contrast to drastic loss of sea ice occurring in the Arctic Ocean? A new study finds the geology of Antarctica and the Southern Ocean are responsible. Details: http://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/study-helps-explain-sea-ice-differences-at-earths-poles
It's a bird, it's a plane, no…it's a scientific balloon! Our mini-balloon monitors the rain of electrons falling into the atmosphere from Earth's magnetic field. The BARREL campaign mapped for the first time, how a solar storm caused Earth's magnetic field to shift and move. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/259PHda
A planetary dance that took a millennia to master. The Kepler-223 planets orbit their star in the same configuration that Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune may have had in the early history of our solar system, before migrating to their current locations. These animations show ~200,000 years of orbital evolution in the Kepler-223 planetary system. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1NF7i8x
Feel the rumble of a deep space rocket booster test during a June #NASASocial in Utah. We're inviting social media followers to watch as we test the largest, most powerful booster in the world for our Space Launch System rocket that will carry humans on our #JourneyToMars. Get more details and apply to attend here: http://go.nasa.gov/259GZfg
Space food cook-off! A red pepper risotto entrée created by high school students won the HUNCH culinary challenge. This dish will be processed for flight and enjoyed by astronauts aboard the International Space Station next year. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1sKBjuD
The Hubble Space Telescope is well known for its picturesque views of nebulae and galaxies, but it's also useful for studying our own planets, including Mars. Hubble snapped a close-up of the Red Planet ahead of its opposition on May 22. That means that the sun and mars will be on exact opposite sides of the Earth. Hubble's view reveals Mars as a dynamic seasonal planet with bright, frosty polar caps and clouds above a vivid, rust-colored landscape. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TjWUVV
That's no UFO -- it's a super pressure balloon that was successfully launched from Wanaka Airport, New Zealand on a potentially record-breaking, around-the-world test flight. We're using this balloon to test and validate the technology with the goal of long-duration flight at mid-latitudes. Flights like these allow long observations of science phenomena. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1W0OwLB
To better understand how oxygen and carbon flow between the ocean and atmosphere, our KORUS-OC #EarthExpedition is launching an 18-day field campaign. This field work is a sister campaign to the KORUS-AQ effort focusing on air quality. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/2584Coq
Check out "NASA" Snapchat today to watch as our next astroid mission, OSIRIS-REx, travels to its final destination on Earth, before its launch later this year.
Star clusters encircle this galaxy seen by the Hubble Space Telescope, like bees buzzing around a hive. Located just under 100 million light-years away, this galaxy lies in the constellation of Ursa Major. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1U63AkO
Progress on our #JourneyToMars, small satellites deployed from the International Space Station and much more on "This Week @NASA". Watch: https://youtu.be/mtehu3BEJfM
Bill Hader, star of Angry Birds discusses our astronomical relationship with Red Bird and the rest of the flock. Take a look: https://youtu.be/SwlN9rgsYwg
What happened on the International Space Station this week? The 100,000th orbit, small satellites were deployed and more! Have questions? Use #SpaceToGround. Watch: https://youtu.be/Zn0CEHi5-Lg
Feel the rumble of a deep space rocket booster test during a June #NASASocial in Utah. We're inviting social media followers to watch as we test the largest, most powerful booster in the world for our Space Launch System rocket that will carry humans on our #JourneyToMars. Get more details and apply to attend here: http://go.nasa.gov/1ToDyKe
Join us tonight to discover how we can replicate Mars and Saturn's moon Titan in the lab and on Earth. Tune in at 10 p.m. EDT: ustream.tv/NASAJPL2
Scientists see a "fretted" surface on Pluto, consisting of bright plains divided into polygon-shaped blocks by a network of dark, connected valleys. These images sent by our New Horizons spacecraft were captured about 45 minutes before its closest approach to Pluto on July 14, 2015. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/20cByZt

Take a tour of our #EarthExpedition fly laboratory today at 5:30 p.m. EDT during a Facebook Live event. This mission, the North Atlantic Aerosols and Marine Ecosystems Study (NAAMES), is studying the world's largest plankton bloom and how it gives rise to small organic particles (aerosols) that leave the ocean and end up in the atmosphere, ultimately influencing clouds and climate. facebook.com/nasaearth/
With its lack of gravity, the International Space Station provides a unique opportunity to study physical science. Take a look at how we're utilizing the orbiting laboratory for this research: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144612956109/physical-sciencein-space
The Hubble Space Telescope takes a close-up of Mars ahead of the planet's opposition. That means that the sun and Mars will be on exact opposite sides of Earth on May 22. In this image, Mars is revealed as a dynamic seasonal planet with bright, frosty polar caps, and clouds above a vivid, rust-colored landscape. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1qwUiXe
Energetic ions encircle our planet and drive a global system of electrical currents both in space & on the ground. This ring is a key part of the space environment that can affect our satellites and technological systems. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1YFGt4w
How did a class project turn into an experiment facility on the International Space Station? The three on-orbit SPHERES act as a research facility for interchangeable experiments. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1OKNJvS
Suit-up to crash down. Crash-test dummies in our Orion capsule to simulate final splashdown in the Pacific Ocean. In that brief instant where capsule meets water, astronauts will experience the mission's greatest deceleration and with that, some of the greatest forces on the human body. That's where crash-test dummies come into the picture: http://go.nasa.gov/1OKLDw2
Feel the rumble of a deep space rocket booster test during a June #NASASocial in Utah. We're inviting social media followers to watch as we test the largest, most powerful booster in the world for our Space Launch System rocket that will carry humans on our #JourneyToMars. Get more details and apply to attend here: http://go.nasa.gov/1TI3b87
As the night sky's second brightest object, the International Space Station is visible from Earth. To help you with your station spotting, we've created a new widget that you can easily embed on your websites and blogs. Test out the widget and discover when and where to look up: http://go.nasa.gov/1THWQts
Meet our next planet-hunting mission, the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS), during a Twitter Q&A at 1 p.m. EDT. Use #AskTESS for questions!: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144555927989/tess-the-planet-hunter
Two tiny satellites, only 4x4x6 inches, were deployed from the International Space Station into low-Earth orbit. This small satellite duo will demonstrate the ability to receive and distribute commands in space from the ground, while periodically exchanging scientific data from their onboard radiation instruments, a first for small satellites. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1THzG6B
Pluto and beyond! Our New Horizons spacecraft has collected the first science on a post-Pluto object. The spacecraft has now twice observed 1994 jR1, a 90-mile-wide Kuiper Belt object orbiting more than 3 billion miles from the sun. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TY4xOQ
Astronauts on the International Space Station see the Earth at night on every orbit. They captured this broad, short-lens stunning view of Earth's night lights while looking out over the remote reaches of the central Pacific Ocean. The station was passing over the island nation of Kiribati at the time, about 2600 kilometers (1,600 miles) south of Hawaii. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1TY4Lpd
Our New Horizons spacecraft watched as two bright ultraviolet stars passed behind Pluto and its atmosphere. The light from each star dimmed as it moved through deeper layers of the atmosphere, absorbed by various gases and hazes. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1TY2XfZ
A super pressure balloon (SPB) was successfully launched from Wanaka Airport, New Zealand on a potentially record-breaking, around-the-world test flight. The purpose of the flight is to test and validate the SPB technology with the goal of long-duration flight at mid-latitudes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1W0OwLB
Ingredients for life? Jupiter's moon Europa may have an Earth-like chemical balance in its oceans! Our new study compared Europa's potential for producing hydrogen and oxygen with that of Earth, through processes that do not directly involve volcanism. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1W0KbI9
What should you know about our solar system this week? Mars, Earth and the sun all line up and more! Take a look here for details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144465913314/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Small satellite, MinXSS, was deployed from the International Space Station today. This bread loaf-sized Miniature X-Ray Solar Spectrometer (MinXSS) will observe soft X-rays from the sun, which can disrupt Earth's upper atmosphere and hamper radio and GPS signals traveling through the region. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1YwyGG9
Fort McMurray fires in Alberta continue after already burning at least 2,410 square kilometers (930 square miles) of land. Our satellites saw these burn scars from space on May 12. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1YwC1oG
On Snapchat? Check out today's Live Story about the International Space Stations's 100,000th orbit & add NASA to get space snaps, like today's look at the return of science samples from the Year in Space mission.  Add us: http://snapchat.com/add/nasa
Bright young minds! The first small satellite built by an elementary school was deployed into space today! Students from St. Thomas More Cathedral School in Arlington, VA participated in the design, construction and testing of their small satellite. Through this hands-on, inquiry based learning activity the students conducted real world engineering and will operate the St. Thomas More (STM)Sat-1. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ywq9D8
According to a new study using our airborne radar, New Orleans and surrounding areas continue to sink at a highly variable rates due to a combination of natural geologic and human-induced processes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1YwkH3a
Did you know that Saturn's F ring has been sculpted by its two neighboring moons Prometheus and Pandora? Through consistent, repeated gravitational nudges and occasionally entering the ring itself, these moons can tweak the ring particles' orbit to create new patterns. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1NvKdFn
Today, the International Space Station has passed its 100,000th orbit! That's like more than 10 round trips to Mars. Discover more: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144455228729/around-the-world-100000-times
In Case You Missed It: On May 9, 2016, Mercury passed directly between the sun and Earth. This event – which happens about 13 times each century – is called a transit. Our Solar Dynamics Observatory, or SDO, studies the sun 24/7 and captured the entire seven-and-a-half-hour event. This composite image of Mercury's journey across the sun was created with visible-light images from the Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager on SDO.  Check it out: http://go.nasa.gov/1R2FR2W  Transits provide a great opportunity to study the way planets and stars move in space– information that has been used throughout the ages to better understand the solar system and which still helps scientists today calibrate their instruments.  Although Mercury whips around the sun every 88 days – over four times faster than Earth – the three bodies rarely align. Because Mercury orbits in a plane 7 degrees tilted from Earth's orbit, it usually darts above or below our line of sight to the sun. As a result, a Mercury transit happens only about 13 times a century. The last one was in 2006, and the next one isn't until 2019.  Image Credit: NASA/SDO/Genna Duberstein
Life is hard for a little moon. Epimetheus, seen here with Saturn in the background, is lumpy and misshapen, thanks in part to its size and formation process. Bombardment over the eons has left this tiny moon's surface heavily pitted. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1rNeplo
What's growing on the International Space Station's walls? We observe to see how microbes adapt to spaceflight: http://go.nasa.gov/1R2FxRR
Like sending sensors up into a hurricane, we've flown four spacecraft through an invisible phenomenon in space, called magnetic reconnection. This process is one of the prime drivers of space radiation. For the first time, we've directly observed this fundamental process! Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1rNed5I
Boeing's first CST-100 Starliner comes together after engineers bolted together the upper and lower domes on May 2. Identical to the operational Starliners Boeing plans to build and fly in partnership for our Commercial Crew Program, this capsule is not meant to ever fly in space but rather to prove the manufacturing methods and overall ability of the spacecraft to handle the demands of spaceflight carrying astronauts to the International Space Station. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1rNe565
If you're in the right place, at the right time, the International Space Station is visible to the naked eye. Find out when and where to look up! http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/139058870124/spot-the-international-space-station
For the first time, one of the new work platforms in High Bay 3 inside the Vehicle Assembly Building at our Kennedy Space Center was powered on. A preliminary test of the platforms that will be used in processing our Space Launch System rocket for our #JourneyToMars was completed to verify their motor, roller system and electrical connections. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/27moxlm
They came bearing lasers, but meant us no harm. Last month, a specialty team from the National Park Service journeyed to Johnson Space Center—with laser technology reminiscent of "Star Wars"—to document the dimensions and layout of Flight Control Room-1 for posterity. Find out what happened: http://go.nasa.gov/1TN4VNb
How do you explore an asteroid…without ever leaving Earth? Four crew members are living and working inside our Human Research Exploration Analog (HERA) for 30 days to simulate a deep-space mission. Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144250239259/exploring-an-asteroid-without-leaving-earth
Tired and hungry birds are getting a helping hand from our satellites. This spring, migrating shorebirds came across roughly 7000 acres of temporary wetland habitat to feed on during their stopover in California's Central Valley. Find out more: https://youtu.be/jWxl1Z34les
What happened "This Week @NASA"? Mercury transit of the sun, our Kepler spacecraft confirmed more than 1,200 planets and much more! Watch here: https://youtu.be/Y4SE6e74A8c
Aviation's future is bright…green! We're working to help make aeronautical research innovations that aim to lessen aircraft noise, reduce emissions, decrease fuel use and much more. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1rKNXc8
Space is anything but empty. What you can't see is absolutely magnetic: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144300595759/exploring-the-invisible-magnetic-reconnection
The future of aerospace! We've selected eight technology proposals that have the potential to introduce new capabilities and significantly improve current approaches to building and operating aerospace systems. Learn more about them here: http://go.nasa.gov/1Tfc6R3
Spiral galaxies, like this one, make up around 60% of the galaxies in the local universe. However, despite their prevalence, each spiral galaxy is unique — like snowflakes, no two are alike. Our Hubble Space Telescope peered toward the luminous nucleus and spectacular sweeping arms of this galaxy. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1TeXAZy
Friday the 13th doesn't have to be bad luck. Here are 13 reasons to have an out-of-this-world day (beautiful Earth pics included)! http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/133147187824/13-reasons-to-have-an-out-of-this-world-Friday
This week on @Space_Station, science samples and cargo returned home to Earth. See what else is happening on orbit: https://youtu.be/85CQl6_tFOU Have questions? Use #SpaceToGround
A stellar explosion! Our Chandra X-ray Observatory data helps astronomers learn new things about a supernova and its remnant. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/24TK5Hk
New digital "clone" testing aims to design the longest-lasting, most energy efficient systems: http://go.nasa.gov/1TBwp8Q
Comet 252P/LINEAR zipped by Earth on March 21. Here's a look at the icy visitor from our Hubble Space Telescope's view: http://go.nasa.gov/1R0wwca
Our KORUS-AQ #EarthExpedition is getting a close-up view of air quality over South Korea using aircraft, ground sites and ships. The multifaceted suite of data collected during this mission will help inform the development of the next-generation space satellites and ground-based systems for air quality monitoring and forecasting. Details: https://youtu.be/0KZ1OjnzgB8
Fire, ice and safer skies! See how our satellites track volcanic clouds and improve the ability to detect and forecast the hazard to aviation: https://youtu.be/TP4vzFojewU
After two Martian years, our Curiosity Mars rover is more than a geologist, scientist and explorer. It's a weather reporter, too! The rover has recorded environmental patters through two full cycles of Martian seasons, which helps distinguish seasonal effects from sporadic ones. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1T99qHN
A dwarf planet with no name. Our K2 spacecraft pegs 2007 OR10 as the largest unnamed body in our solar system and the third largest of the current roster of about half a dozen dwarf planets. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TQO0vW
A SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft splashed down in the Pacific Ocean at 2:51 p.m. EDT today, May 11, with more than 3,700 pounds of NASA cargo, science and technology demonstration samples from the International Space Station. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1T93eQ0
Under pressure! Our Orion capsule passes series of pressure tests at Kennedy Space Center: http://go.nasa.gov/1T8PYuF   The tests confirmed that the weld points of the underlying structure will contain and protect astronauts during the launch, in-space, re-entry and landing phases on the Exploration Mission 1, when the spacecraft performs its first uncrewed test flight atop the Space Launch System rocket.
Full of science, the SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft was released from the International Space Station's robotic arm at 9:19 a.m. EDT: http://go.nasa.gov/1TQrkfq  The spacecraft will return the final batch of human research samples from former NASA astronaut Scott Kelly's historic one-year mission. These samples will be analyzed for studies such as Biochemical Profile, Cardio Ox, Fluid Shifts, Microbiome, Salivary Markers and the Twins Study. Additional samples taken on the ground as Kelly continues to support these studies will provide insights relevant for the Journey to Mars as NASA learns more about how the human body adjusts to weightlessness, isolation, radiation and the stress of long-duration spaceflight.
LIVE NOW: SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft is set to depart from the International Space Station. Watch live: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv   The Dragon capsule, which arrived at the station April 10, will be detached from the Earth-facing side of the station's Harmony module using the Canadarm2 robotic arm, operated by ground controllers. Robotics controllers will maneuver Dragon into place and astronaut robotic arm operator Tim Peake of ESA (European Space Agency) will execute the command for its 9:18 a.m. ET release.  Dragon will fire its thrusters three times to move to a safe distance from the station before being commanded to begin its deorbit burn about 2 p.m. The capsule will splash down in the Pacific Ocean about 2:55 p.m.
In case you missed it: Our Kepler mission verified 1,284 new planets, of which 550 planets are small, possibly rocky and 9 new planets are in the habitable zone. The total number of known planets jumps to more than 3,200. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UR5CKu
After delivering almost 7,000 pounds of cargo to the International Space Station, the SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft is set to leave the orbital laboratory with valuable science research and return to Earth tomorrow, Wednesday, May 11. NASA Television will provide live coverage of Dragon's departure beginning at 9 a.m. EDT. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TPL6Yp
Our #NAAMES mission is ready to set sail to study phytoplankton in the N. Atlantic for our latest #EarthExpedition. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1TPL6rs
From our vantage point, the sun seems like a still ball, but it really is teeming with activity. Eruptions called solar flares and coronal mass ejections explode in the sun's hot atmosphere, the corona, sending light and high energy particles out into space. The corona is also constantly releasing a stream of charged particles known as the solar wind.  But this isn't the kind of wind you can fly a kite in. Learn why: http://go.nasa.gov/1UQJxM4
Today's announcement that our Kepler mission verified 1,284 new planets more than doubles the number of confirmed planets. Did you know that Kepler 'sees' distant planets through decreases in star brightness when planets pass in front: http://go.nasa.gov/1UQBM9a
Our planet-hunting Kepler mission has verified 1,284 new planets—the single largest finding of planets to date: http://go.nasa.gov/27b9XNA

Smoke from Canadian wildfires is trapped in the clouds. It was seen by our satellites: http://go.nasa.gov/1TPtrjI
Today at 1pm ET: Listen in as we announce the latest discoveries made by our planet-hunting mission, the Kepler Space Telescope. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TPopnk
In addition to today's #MercuryTransit, here are a few other things to know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/144114100904/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Fort McMurray wildfire continues to burn & is seen by our satellites: http://go.nasa.gov/1QWLdg5
In case you missed it - here's the full #MercuryTransit. For more than seven hours today, Mercury was visible as a tiny black dot crossing the face of the sun. This rare event – which happens only slightly more than once a decade – is called a transit. Although Mercury whips around the sun every 88 days – over four times faster than Earth – the three bodies rarely align. Because Mercury orbits in a plane 7 degrees tilted from Earth's orbit, it usually darts above or below our line of sight to the sun. As a result, a Mercury transit happens only about 13 times a century. The last one was in 2006, and the next one isn't until 2019.
Want to learn about the science behind today's #MercuryTransit? Check out our Tumblr: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143945596634/mercury-in-the-spotlight
Mercury leaves the sun's disk in about 20 mins during today's #MercuryTransit. Here's the transit so far:
Transits, like the the #MercuryTransit, help us find planets orbiting other stars: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143945596634/mercury-in-the-spotlight
Mercury is trekking across the front of the sun today. Although the small planet goes around the sun every 88 days – over four times faster than Earth – the three bodies rarely align. Because Mercury orbits in a plane 7 degrees tilted from Earth's orbit, it usually darts above or below our line of sight to the sun. As a result, a Mercury transit happens only about 13 times a century. The last one was in 2006, and the next one isn't until 2019.  Here's the latest views from our Solar Dynamics Observatory of the #MercuryTransit:
Today we're talking about the #MercuryTransit. Here's a new topographic view of Mercury. This new model reveals a variety of interesting topographic features, including the highest and lowest points on the planet. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1WjqJGx
Latest views of today's #MercuryTransit show the planet passing in front of the sun from our Solar Dynamics Observatory satellite:  For more than seven hours on Monday, May 9, Mercury is visible as a tiny black dot crossing the face of the sun. This rare event – which happens only slightly more than once a decade – is called a transit.  More on our NASA Sun Science - with Little SDO page: https://www.facebook.com/NASA.Little.SDO/
For more than seven hours on Monday, May 9, Mercury is visible as a tiny black dot crossing the face of the sun. This rare event – which happens only slightly more than once a decade – is called a transit.  This is an image from our Solar Dynamics Observatory.
LIVE NOW: Learn all about today's #MercuryTransit and get a front-row seat as our scientists discuss this rare celestial event and take your questions. Have a question? Ask it in the comments below:  Comments are being answered today by: Erwan Mazarico - Planetary Scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center W. Dean Pesnell - SDO Project Scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center Dr. Laurel Rachmeler - Astrophysicist for NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center  Mitzi Adams - Astrophysicist for NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center  Nicki Viall - Space scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center
#MercuryTransit Safety: DON'T LOOK DIRECTLY AT THE SUN. Use a solar filter made of specially-coated glass or Mylar
Get a front-row seat to the #MercuryTransit at 10:30 a.m. EDT during our Facebook Live event. Our scientists will be discussing this rare celestial event and taking your questions. Details: https://www.nasa.gov/press-release/nasa-to-provide-coverage-of-may-9-mercury-transit-of-the-sun/
Data observed during today's #MercuryTransit from our Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) shows the wide range of wavelengths – invisible to the human eye – that the telescope can view. SDO converts the wavelengths into an image humans can see, and the light is colorized into a rainbow of colors.  Different wavelengths convey information about different components of the sun's surface and atmosphere, so scientists use them to paint a full picture of our constantly changing and varying star.
Today's 7.5 hour #MercuryTransit across the sun will go from 7:12am ET to 2:42pm ET. Here's the latest view:
Mercury is trekking in front of the sun today for the 1st time in 10 years, seen here from 7:55am ET   #MercuryTransit
Today's the day! Mercury crosses in front of the sun during the #MercuryTransit. Here's the first look at Mercury from our Solar Dynamics Observatory. Follow along: http://www.nasa.gov/transit
Want to witness our Juno spacecraft's arrival at Jupiter? Apply to attend our July 3 – 4 #NASASocial at our Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. Selected attendees will tour JPL, meet mission scientists and engineers and share in the arrival of the Juno spacecraft in orbit around Jupiter. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WiJlXC
Tomorrow, Mercury will move across the face of the sun, offering a rare viewing opportunity for professional astronomers and backyard sky watchers alike. Watch & find out more: http://www.nasa.gov/transit/
Studies on the International Space Station take cardiovascular health to heart. Results from the investigation will help determine if there are cardiovascular risks associated with long-duration spaceflight and to develop countermeasures, as well as understanding crew cardiovascular status in the years after their return to Earth. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1YgdrIA
Skywatchers! For more than 7 hours on Monday, Mercury will be visible as a tiny black dot crossing the face of the sun. Get details on how to watch this rare celestial event here: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143945596634/mercury-in-the-spotlight
Ballooning expectations: space-based balloon could be used as a new approach for astronomy. This space-based adaptation would be a telescope for probing the formation and evolution of galaxies over cosmic time. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WgUK9Z
NASA Webb Telescope's golden mirror unveiled and flipped over. With glimmering gold surfaces, the large primary and rounded secondary mirror on this telescope are specially designed to reflect infrared light from some of the first stars ever born. The team will now begin to prepare to install the telescope's science instruments to the back of the mirrors. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1ZtP62c
Here's an interstellar rose from our Spitzer Space Telescope to send mom to wish her a Happy Mother's Day!   Learn more about this image: http://go.nasa.gov/24F2T9Y
New analysis of 30-years of satellite data will help researchers understand the causes of cloud migration and better predict how they may affect Earth's climate in the future. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1WgUJms
It's possible that rising carbon dioxide levels could both help and hurt crops. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/24DRIyi
Could the gravitational pull of Saturn change the amount of particles spraying from the south pole of its active moon Enceladus? New data suggests yes. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/24DRHKJ
Skywatchers! For more than 7 hours on Monday, Mercury will be visible as a tiny black dot crossing the face of the sun. Get details on how to watch this rare celestial event here: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143945596634/mercury-in-the-spotlight

According to new data sent home from our New Horizons spacecraft, the surface of Hydra, Pluto's outermost small moon, is dominated by nearly pristine water ice. Hydra is thought to have formed in an icy debris disk produced when water-rich mantles were stripped from the two bodies that collided to form the Pluto-Charon binary some 4 billion years ago. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/21I7Lcz
Hop onboard our flying air quality lab in this 360° video of our KORUS-AQ #EarthExpedition. This field experiment flew over South Korea to dissect the atmosphere and analyze the gases and particles that make up air pollution: https://youtu.be/VLc50DQiIuM
On Monday, Mercury will be visible as a tiny black dot crossing the face of the sun. Discover more about this transit and how you can watch it happen: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143945596634/mercury-in-the-spotlight
What happened this week at NASA? Road to launch readiness at our Wallops Flight Facility, building dedicated to one of our pioneers and more! Watch: https://youtu.be/A4_x02DXXdc
Want to witness our Juno spacecraft's arrival at Jupiter? Apply to attend our July 3 – 4 #NASASocial at our Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. Selected attendees will tour JPL, meet mission scientists and engineers and share in the arrival of the Juno spacecraft in orbit around Jupiter. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SSN1ww
This barred spiral galaxy, located about 55 million light-years from Earth, was discovered in 1784 by the German-British astronomer William Herschel. This view from our Hubble Space Telescope shows the bright spiral arms emerging from the ends of a bar that cuts through the galaxy's central bulge. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1SSjtPC

Curious about the small worlds in our solar system? Join our Facebook Q&A at noon EDT and ask our scientists your questions! facebook.com/NASALittleSDO
Since the first expedition arrived, more than 15 years ago, crew members have now taken more than 3 million images onboard the International Space Station. Find out what else has been happening on orbit this week: https://youtu.be/z3hv4q1XrDI Questions? Use #SpaceToGround
Ready for liftoff? We've launched a new kids playlist of our videos that journey into the solar system and beyond on the YouTube Kids App. Learn something new about your celestial neighborhood! Explore this new playlist here: https://kids.youtube.com/
For the first time ever, we conveyed aviation data to an airplane over a wireless communication system! Until now, pilots have relied on voice communication with air traffic control because traditional wireless technologies don't support high data throughputs. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Xb0rpv
This isn't a golden disco ball, it's a satellite that we launched in 1976 and transformed studies of Earth's shape, rotation and gravity field. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1T1gD9z   #TBT #ThrowbackThursday
How well do you know Mercury? Ahead of Monday's Mercury transit of the sun, learn some cool facts about the planet here: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143894384169/how-well-do-you-know-mercury
Skywatcher alert! Mercury sails across the sun on May 9 & you can watch with the right tools. The last time Mercury passed between Earth and the sun was in 2006, and it won't happen again until 2019. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1XaZTjh
With love, from NASA. We're gifting our technology into the public domain, meaning dozens of our patents are available for free. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1T1e1bM #NASATech
The Suomi NPP satellite sees massive Fort McMurray, Alberta wildfire day & night: http://go.nasa.gov/1T1a5rv
Retired mathematician, Katherine Johnson, made critical technical contributions to our space program. Including calculating the trajectory of the 1961 flight of Alan Shepard, the first American in space. Watch as we commemorate her work during a dedication ceremony live on NASA Television now: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Watch as we commemorate the many contributions of retired mathematician Katherine Johnson during a building dedication ceremony at 2 p.m. EDT. Watch live on NASA Television: http://go.nasa.gov/1T0LJhE
We're preparing for a #JourneyToMars, a planet that is 49 million miles from Earth. That journey began 55 years ago with a single, 116-mile "step" into space on May 5, 1961. Learn more about Alan Shepard's Mercury flight: http://go.nasa.gov/1XawOEK   #TBT #ThrowbackThursday
Thanks to our New Horizons spacecraft, scientists have for the first time observed the material coming off of Pluto's atmosphere and studied how it interacts with solar wind. Leading to yet another "Pluto surprise". Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1XamKeV
The force is strong with this one. Kathleen Kennedy of Lucasfilm and Star Wars highlights NASA Deputy Administrator Dava Newman's career. Take a look: https://youtu.be/Or8n5KJT2LI
Another planet—Kepler-22b—reminds many of Star War's fictional Kamino. Learn more about this real planet: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143840915714/worlds-that-will-make-you-believe-star-wars-is #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Is this Coruscant? No. It's Kepler-452b. Learn about this and other worlds that make you think Star Wars is real: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143840915714/worlds-that-will-make-you-believe-star-wars-is #MayThe4thBeWithYou

Meet the engineers who saved our Kepler spacecraft that found some of the planets we've been taking about today. Join the Reddit Science AMA at 2 p.m. EDT: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/4hu1nw/science_ama_series_were_the_engineers_who_saved/
That's no moon! Oh wait… Saturn's moon Mimas resembles the Death Star: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143840915714/worlds-that-will-make-you-believe-star-wars-is #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Is this Mustafar? Not quite. It's CoRoT-7b. See worlds that will make you think Star Wars is real: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143840915714/worlds-that-will-make-you-believe-star-wars-is #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Our Kepler spacecraft discovers planets resembling Star Wars worlds. Here's one with a double sunset. Is it Tatooine? Not quite: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143840915714/worlds-that-will-make-you-believe-star-wars-is #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Explore worlds that'll make you believe that Star Wars is real. First up, Hoth! Or should we say OGLE-2005-BLG-390. Explore: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143840915714/worlds-that-will-make-you-believe-star-wars-is #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Switch on the sun! We can simulate the solar and space environment to test future exploration equipment. Our High Intensity Solar Environment Test System (HISET) is the only place on Earth where spacecraft systems and materials can, at the same time, be subjected to the vacuum, temperatures, solar photons and to the electrons and protons of solar winds like they will encounter in space. Details:  http://go.nasa.gov/24wgT5O
Spotted! Our Mars orbiter finds clues about volcanoes under ice on the Red Planet billions of years ago. The research about these volcanoes helps show there was extensive ice on ancient Mars. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/26Q9vnK
Our sun-observing spacecraft watched as an elongated, streaming arch of solar material rose up at the sun's edge. These details were captured in a type of light that's invisible to the human eyes, called extreme ultraviolet. The images were colorized in gold for easy viewing. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1TiVbtL
What's up for May? Mercury transits the sun and Mars is closer to Earth than it has been in 11 years. See what else you can spot in the sky this month: https://youtu.be/TQ-qbykREXE

Get an inside look at our flying laboratory that's studying air pollution in South Korea! Join our Facebook Live tonight at 10 p.m. EDT to go behind the scenes of this #EarthExpedition: https://www.facebook.com/NASA/posts/10154073905091772
We're combining satellite images with novel algorithms to monitor hazardous thunderstorms. With this method, we can identify where severe winds, hail or tornadoes are more likely to occur within storm clouds. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1OctJg2
Mercury to transit the sun, the Eta Aquarid meteor shower and a few other things you should know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143750318819/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Earth has a new lightning capital, according to a recent study. Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela earned the top spot receiving an average rate of about 233 flashes per square kilometer per year. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24k3voL
Like a drop of dew upon a leaf, the water-world Enceladus appears to sit atop Saturn's rings. This view looks toward the unilluminated side of the rings from a distance of approximately 930,000 miles. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Oc8V8z
Promising worlds found around a nearby ultra-cool dwarf star set to be studied by the Hubble Space Telescope and our Kepler spacecraft: http://go.nasa.gov/24jkZ4w
Our latest #EarthExpedition is using a flying laboratory to study air pollution in South Korea. Take a tour of the aircraft tonight at 10 p.m. EDT during a Facebook Live event on our NASA Earth page: https://www.facebook.com/nasaearth/
Today, four people will go through all the motions of a real deep space mission without ever actually leaving Earth. Our Human Exploration Research Analog at Johnson Space Center in Houston simulates physical and mental affects on the body similar to those experienced in space. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1OaYt0V
It's National #SmallBusiness Week! Want your #SmallBiz to work with us? Here's how: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143740410374/how-to-do-business-with-nasa #DreamSmallBiz
A new elevation map created from New Horizons spacecraft data shows Pluto's "sunken heart". The vast expanse of the icy surface is on average 2 miles lower than the surrounding terrain. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1VGlOPQ
Patterns known as "lunar swirls," appear almost painted on the surface of the moon. A powerful combination of observations and computer simulations is giving us new clues of their origins. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1W0CTnr
A starshade, a giant structure that blocks the glare of stars, could help future space telescopes take pictures of planets. This technology would enable astronomers to take pictures of Earth-like worlds, and then use other instruments to search the planet's atmospheres for chemical clues about whether life might exist there. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1SGLEgK
The golden standard of mirrors! Our James Webb Space Telescope's mirrors are covered in a microscopically thin layer of gold, which optimizes them for reflecting infrared light. This very fine film of vaporized gold coats each of the 18 mirror segments. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1W0yvVs
A map that keeps getting better! This global map of Pluto uses images from the New Horizons spacecraft's #PlutoFlyby in July 2015. The latest images woven into the map were sent back to Earth as recently as April 25, and the team will continue to add photos as the spacecraft transmits the rest of its stored Pluto encounter data.  Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1UnOg7K
It's a flame trench makeover! We're making upgrades to the historic launch pad to accommodate our Space Launch System rocket for our #JourneyToMars. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TbKr0p
Looking over 110 million light-years away, our Hubble Space Telescope spots a galaxy hiding in the night sky. This galaxy has a surface brightness up to 250 times fainter than the night sky, making it incredibly difficult to detect. Take a peek: http://go.nasa.gov/1UnNN5H
"This Week @NASA," our Commercial Crew astronauts test drove training simulators, we started a new #EarthExpedition in South Korea and more! Watch here: https://youtu.be/rZDTuiIkhwY
While we've been here on Earth, what has the crew aboard the International Space Station been up to this week? Gathering science data on the human body in microgravity, prepping the SpaceX Dragon cargo ship for departure and more! Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ww9IaO
Our #EarthExpeditions team is in South Korea to study air pollution in our KORUS-AQ mission. Find out why this country is an ideal natural laboratory for air quality studies: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ww2MdX
Get a view of our home planet from the windows on the International Space Station in IMAX's new documentary, A Beautiful Planet. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TarJWP

Our OSIRIS-REx mission, launching in September 2016, will return a sample of asteroid Bennu to Earth in 2023. This will allow scientists to study pristine material left over from the early solar system. Want to learn more about the mission? Follow our #NASASocial today: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ta13Wm
This week on the International Space Station, ESA astronaut Tim Peake ran the London Marathon, a small satellite was deployed and much more! Have questions? Use #SpaceToGround: https://youtu.be/5ESZW5YH6ow
With its blue skies, puffy white clouds, warm beaches and abundant life, planet Earth is a pretty special place. A quick survey of the solar system reveals nothing else like it. But how special is Earth, really? Discover the ingredients of our home planet here: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143531410384/the-special-ingredientsof-earth
Our anti-gravity suits used by astronauts are helping save new mothers around the world. These G-suits prevent blood from pooling in the legs through the use of air-filled bladders, and are being applied in situations of postpartum hemorrhaging. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1N3Xjtc
Dark energy, the mysterious energy that is currently driving the accelerating expansion of the universe, is being studied by our Chandra X-ray Observatory. This powerful new method for investigating dark energy takes advantage of the observation that the outer reaches of galaxy clusters show similarity in their X-ray emission profiles and sizes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1N3WO2a
A real-life bay watch. See how satellite observations helped monitor the Santa Monica Bay after a Los Angeles water treatment plant had to discharge treated water closer to shore than usual. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1N3KVth
Neutrinos are the fastest, lightest and least understood fundamental particles, and we are just now capable of detecting high-energy ones arriving from beyond our galaxy. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1N3mxrL
Today is your last chance to apply to attend our plankton-climate change study #NASASocial! We're inviting 30 social media users to the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts on Tuesday, May 10, to tour the research vessel (R/V) Atlantis. Guests will learn about the NAAMES study, which will collect data from aircraft and ship measurements, and combine that data with satellite and ocean sensor readings. For more info and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1N34hyI
The amount of black carbon, or soot, that reaches the Arctic is currently poorly estimated. In addition to absorbing sunlight while aloft, which heats the air, black carbon darkens white snow when it settles on the surface, accelerating snowmelt. New scrutiny will help combine satellite observations with modeling and monitoring efforts to better understand the impacts. Details:  http://go.nasa.gov/1rAzsYu
How do we measure the distance between a star and its planet-forming disk? Light echoes can help. When the central star brightens, some of the light hits the surrounding disk, causing a delayed "echo." Scientists measured the time it took for light coming directly from the star to reach Earth, then waited for its echo to arrive. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/21fEzJL
We're helping public health officials better understand Zika virus and limit the spread of the disease it causes. The research team looked at key factors that contribute to the spread of Zika and created a risk map to help government agencies better prepare for outbreaks. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1rAiQjJ

Ta-da! Standing tall and glimmering gold, our NASA Webb Telescope's primary mirror has been unveiled for testing. The 18 mirrors that make up the primary mirror were individually protected with black covers when they were assembled. But now, the covers have been lifted. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1rAadWr
We are closer than ever before to sending American astronauts to Mars. But getting to the Red Planet is hard. That's why we make it a priority to reach out to partners across America and around the world. Our Deputy Administrator Dava Newman on the importance of partnerships on the #JourneyToMars: http://go.nasa.gov/1rA31cE
Our astronauts who will fly the first commercial rides to the International Space Station have been test-driving the future Boeing CST-100 Starliner controls: http://go.nasa.gov/1rzPUIB
How can we explore an asteroid without ever leaving Earth? The Human Exploration Research Analog will house four people for 30 days to simulate a real deep space mission. Add NASA on Snapchat and watch our story to find out more: https://www.snapchat.com/add/nasa
In the Washington, DC area? Come take a space lunch break with astronaut Kjell Lindgren during a public event on the National Mall. Join him at the Sylvan Theatre, the amphitheater southeast of the base of the Washington Monument at 12:30 p.m. EDT today. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/21ffApL
Apply to see the sea side of our plankton-climate change study. We're inviting 30 social media users to the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts on Tuesday, May 10, to tour the research vessel (R/V) Atlantis. Guests will learn about the NAAMES study, which will collect data from aircraft and ship measurements, and combine that data with satellite and ocean sensor readings. For more info and to apply for the NASA Social, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1SIXTM5
We're using a special balloon-borne observatory to find evidence that the universe is expanding, also known as cosmological inflation. According to the theory, inflation would have generated gravitational waves, which are tiny perturbations in the fabric of space-time. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SIXk4U
Peering far, far away, our Hubble Space Telescope spotted a small, dark moon orbiting Makemake, the second brightest icy dwarf planet. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Tcjo5a
Saturn's moon Titan is a land of lakes. Almost 2% of its surface is covered in liquid, but not the kind you're used to. Scientists had long speculated about the existence of hydrocarbon lakes and seas on Titan, and data from our Cassini spacecraft did not disappoint. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1YSxa1d

Mid-level solar flare spotted by our Solar Dynamics Observatory on April 17 captured in wavelengths of extreme ultraviolet light. Watch it in 4K Ultra HD here: http://go.nasa.gov/1YSakqk
Whether you want to be an astronaut, an engineer or the administrator of NASA, a college education opens a universe of possibilities: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143430483064/science-technology-engineering-and-math-stem #ReachHigher #CollegeSigningDay
What's it like to live and work in space? Find out this afternoon during a Facebook Live with Astronaut Kjell Lindgren at 3 p.m. EDT on the International Space Station page: https://www.facebook.com/ISS/
From Jupiter to Mars, here are a few things to know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143398424009/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
What's it like to live and work in space? Find out tomorrow during a Facebook Live with Astronaut Kjell Lindgren at 3 p.m. EDT on the International Space Station page: https://www.facebook.com/ISS/
This image of the "cloudy Caribbean' was captured by astronaut Tim Kopra aboard the International Space Station on April 25, 2016.  Credit: NASA
Criss-crossing rings on Saturn? No, it's a shadowy view of the rings from our Cassini spacecraft: http://go.nasa.gov/1VOvacJ
Air pollution causes an estimated 152,000 deaths a year across the Americas and more than 2 million deaths in the Western Pacific, according to the United Nations. We're now taking this lethal global health hazard to a new level with a trio of science and technology projects to provide improved air quality assessments. The first begins next week in the skies over South Korea. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1VOlj6J
Apply to see the sea side of our plankton-climate change study. We're inviting 30 social media users to Woods Hole Massachusetts on May 10 to tour the research vessel Atlantis. Guests will learn about our NAAMES study, which will collect data from aircraft and ship measurements, and combine that data with satellite and ocean sensor readings. For more information and to apply for the #NASASocial, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1TsXDRi
Join a Reddit Ask Me Anything with Astronaut Kjell Lindgren and twin study investigators at 11 a.m. ET: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/4gdmaf/we_are_nasa_twins_study_investigators_ask_me/  Our Human Research Program is conducting a Twins Study on retired twin astronauts Scott and Mark Kelly. The study began during Scott Kelly's One-Year Mission, which encompassed International Space Station Expeditions 43, 44, 45 and 46. Now that Scott has returned from space, researchers are integrating data as well as taking measurements on Earth from the twins. This is the first time we have conducted Omics research on identical twins. Omics is a broad area of biological and molecular studies that, in general, means the study of the entire complement of biomolecules, like proteins; metabolites or genes.
Many large glaciers in Greenland are at greater risk of melting from below than previously thought, according to new maps of the seafloor around Greenland. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Nqx6Fd
Microscopic "timers" reveal likely source of galactic space radiation. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SXMN2J
We successfully completed the most complex drone traffic management test yet at FAA test sites. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SXMIMy
The Space Apps Challenge is happening now! Watch live online as problem solvers from across the world help us with challenges in one of the largest hackathons in the universe. Tune in here: https://2016.spaceappschallenge.org/
The elegant simplicity of this galaxy hides a more violent history than you might think.  It is possible that its polar ring of gas and dust is actually the remains of a smaller galaxy that was swallowed up long ago. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1U9RRX7
History is about to repeat itself. Our aeronautical innovators once again are preparing to put in the sky an array of new experimental X-planes that will push back the frontiers of aviation. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Qun00B #FlyNASA
What happened on the International Space Station this week? A new expandable habitat was installed, lots of station science and more. Watch here: https://youtu.be/UvXX3L7o_kw
Who knew that Shakespeare and moons have something in common? Some of Uranus' satellites are named after his famous works. Check it out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143171013179/the-shakespearean-moons-of-uranus  #Shakespeare400
The Space Apps Challenge is happening now! Watch live online as problem solvers from across the world help us with challenges in one of the largest hackathons in the universe. Tune in here: https://2016.spaceappschallenge.org/
"This Week @NASA" we celebrated #EarthDay, made progress on our #JourneyToMars and much more. Take a look: https://youtu.be/tsw5LtP2wKM
"Look again at that dot, That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives... on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam." -Carl Sagan, "Pale Blue Dot," 1994   Happy #EarthDay  http://go.nasa.gov/1YLHqZ2
From the windows on the International Space Station, our eighth collaboration with IMAX came to life for 'A Beautiful Planet.' Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1MNTV5G #EarthDay
Beautiful pictures aren't the only benefit of observing the Earth from the International Space Station, Instruments on station can help researchers better understand our planet #24Seven. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1MNTPuJ #EarthDay
From the air, we launch an #EarthExpedition to study our dynamic planet #24Seven using a fleet of science flights: https://www.nasa.gov/earthexpeditions #EarthDay
Our fleet of Earth Science satellites keeps an eye on our world #24Seven from orbit. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1YLDKpY #EarthDay
Astronaut photography from space helped humanity 'discover the Earth.' These powerful images lead to the establishment of #EarthDay on April 22, 2970. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1YLyva1
Our Earth Science program looks at the world in many ways everyday, #24Seven. See our beautiful home: http://go.nasa.gov/1MNrMvi
It's Earth Day, and what better way to celebrate than to show you a glimpse of our various efforts to protect and understand our home planet #24Seven. Check it out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143215583074/happy-earth-day
Get an insider's look at our #Earth work & share your #EarthDay story with us using #24Seven. Learn more: http://www.nasa.gov/24seven
See our beautiful, amazing home planet this #EarthDay with Ultra High Definition (4K) views: https://youtu.be/oFDeNcu3mnc
Happy #EarthDay! Here's an image of our fragile home in space. Celebrate it with us today: http://go.nasa.gov/1MMI9s0
We're looking for industry ideas for a future Mars communications orbiter for potential launch in the 2020s. The satellite would provide advanced communications and imaging, as well as robotic science exploration. Want to help us on our #JourneyToMars? Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1r2U6zX
Spaceport of the future! Negotiations with Orbital ATK will begin for use of space in our Vehicle Assembly Building at Kennedy Space Center in Florida. This prospective agreement reflects our transformation to a multi-user spaceport supporting both government and commercial organizations. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1pmsdkX
We're about to get a close-up view of air quality over South Korea using airplanes, ships and stations on the ground. The data collected will be used to help find new solutions to this health threat, not just on the Korean Peninsula, but all around the world. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Sn6YYu

Want to chat with an astronaut? HuffPost Science & Tech  page will host a Facebook Live event with astronaut Butch Wilmore at 4 p.m. EDT. Join in here: https://www.facebook.com/HuffPostScienceTech/?fref=nf

Because this weekend marks the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, we're highlighting the moons of Uranus. Why? Some of them are named after characters from his famous works! Check it out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143171013179/the-shakespearean-moons-of-uranus
A Hubble bubble! This enormous bubble seen by our Hubble Space Telescope is being blown into space by a super-hot, massive star. Spanning 7 light-years across, this Bubble Nebula was chosen to mark the 26th anniversary of the launch of Hubble into Earth orbit. Take a closer look: http://go.nasa.gov/1YIQL3E
Within a regions on Pluto is a field of eye-catching craters that looks like a cluster of bright halos scattered across a dark landscape. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1pkWu3N
Stunning aurora captured from the International Space Station. Auroras are a space weather phenomenon that occur when electrically-charged electrons and protons collide with neutral atoms in the upper atmosphere. The dancing lights of the aurora provide a spectacular show for those on the ground, but also capture the imaginations of scientists who study the aurora and the complex processes that create them. http://go.nasa.gov/1TjSyL6
Muscle loss studies on the International Space Station   could also help researchers find solutions to serious diseases down here on Earth. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1NlLv5k
Our IceBridge campaign is kicking of its eighth year gathering data on arctic ice sheets. This mission's readings of the thickness of sea ice and its snow cover have helped scientists improve forecasts for the summer melt season and enhanced the understanding of variations in ice thickness distribution from year to year. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TjLmPf
Have you felt a sonic boom? Apply for a chance to visit us May 31 at a #NASASocial in California and learn about out next supersonic X-plane: http://go.nasa.gov/1TjBEfE
Future astronauts will ride into deep space aboard our Space Launch System rocket and our Orion spacecraft, which are progressing toward their maiden flight together in 2018. Next up – where will astronauts live on the 9-month #JourneyToMars? We're working with U.S. industry on concepts for deep space habitation and announced a new opportunity today to get involved. Check it out: http://go.nasa.gov/1NlrHiF
Big on social media? Apply now to feel a Sonic Boom as we explore new X-planes at a #NASASocial in CA on May 31: http://www.nasa.gov/social/quesst-social  We're on the cusp of a new era in aviation that's dramatically cleaner, quieter, and even faster. At this event, you'll have the unique opportunity to view a live flight demonstration by a NASA F-18 that illustrates the difference in sound between today's sonic boom and the much quieter boom that would be a key feature of a future experimental aircraft – an X-plane – that NASA will fly at supersonic speed over land.
Seeing double! We measured a solar flare from two different spots in space, giving us unprecedented measurements of its characteristics. This data could help scientists pin down the processes that create solar flares, and even some day predict them. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1pfnXnq
Lonely world sits quietly in the darkness of space without any companion planets or even a host sun. Did it get kicked out of a star system or is it a brown dwarf, which is a star that lacked enough mass to burn nuclear fuel and glow like a star? Discover: http://go.nasa.gov/26dNije

Craters with bright material on dwarf planet Ceres shine in new images from our Dawn mission. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SXoxOo
Two comets display different shapes of X-ray emission, which indicates differences in the solar wind at the time of the observation and the atmospheres of each one. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1SOVKeB
View Ultra High Definition (4K) Earth observations from the International Space Station crew! https://youtu.be/c7OO3qCfH9Y  The space station hosts a variety of payloads and experiments supporting climate research, weather predictions, hurricane monitoring, pollution tracking, disaster response and more. For more on how we use space to understand our home planet, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/earthrightnow
Gravitational waves emitted by two black holes of nearly equal mass spiral together and merge. Orange ripples represent distortions of space-time caused by the rapidly orbiting masses. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Njvflp
Explore & #FindYourPark during #NationalParkWeek this week. Here's a glimpse from space: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143017598929/exploring-our-national-parksfrom-space
The sun emitted a mid-level solar flare on Sunday. Our sun watching spacecraft captured the event. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1NjcEWI
From Pluto to our home planet of Earth, here are a few things you should know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/143012414849/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Our Asteroid Grand Challenge ran a challenge to develop a short video describing the work being done to detect, track, characterize, and mitigate potentially hazardous asteroids. Watch "Find Them Now," which uses a narrative based on a fictional asteroid named "Arthur" to explain how the asteroid's spin, size, composition and mass would be determined using radar, astrometry, ground and space-based infrared spectroscopy, and light curve analysis. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1NxoQhk
Y marks the spot on Saturn's moon Enceladus! This feature, which snakes northward from south pole like a giant tentacle, is actually tectonic in nature, created by stresses in Enceladus' icy shell. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1NxhoTf
What do you plan to do to celebrate #EarthDay on April 22? Learn about our #24Seven social media event: http://www.nasa.gov/24Seven
Scientists are learning more about the structure and behavior of Pluto's complex atmosphere by discovering new attributes of its extensive haze layers. The hazes were first discovered by our New Horizons spacecraft in July, as it swept past Pluto and made its historic first exploration of the mysterious world. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1TZRxdf
Do you think outside the box? New challenge asks K-12 students to design an object for astronauts that can be printed within the bounds of the newest 3-D printer on the space station (10 cm x 10 cm x 14 cm), but can be assembled or expanded to become larger than that box. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TZRtKC
It's a bird, it's a plane. No, it's a telescope and a plane! Our SOFIA flying observatory studies the life cycle of stars and planets, and can even identify complex molecules in space. Here are eight things to know about SOFIA: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142740009294/eight-things-to-know-about-our-flying-observatory
Arches of magnetic field lines towered over the sun's edge as a pair of active regions began to rotate into view in this video captured by our Solar Dynamics Observatory. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SLlybB
NASA TV UHD brings ultra-high definition video to a new level! Harmonic produced this show exclusively for NASA TV UHD using time-lapses shot from the International Space Station, showing both the aurora borealis and aurora australis phenomena that occur when electrically charged electrons and protons in the Earth's magnetic field collide with neutral atoms in the upper atmosphere. https://youtu.be/PBJAR3-UvSQ  For more info: http://go.nasa.gov/1lyUGlY
Making sense of Pluto – New Horizons spacecraft scientists create geological maps of the surfaces of the dwarf planet in order to understand its geological history. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1YzJ5Rg
Nearly 570 meteorite samples collected from Antarctica arrived at our Johnson Space Center today for study. These samples give us important clues about the early solar system, planets and the organic compounds essential to life. Find out more: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142847789069/meteorites-help-answer-questions-about-solar
The International Space Station is 250 miles above Earth, but it provides us with a unique perspective for studying our home planet. Find out how: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142901384634/space-station-research-observing-earth
NASA Student Launch happens this weekend, and we are excited to be a part of it with our Mars Vehicle Ascent Challenge! MAV requires teams to design an autonomous system capable of retrieving and storing a mock Martian sample into a rocket. MAV highlights the need for autonomous technologies to assist in future sample return missions to Mars.  Join us live on Facebook now from Student Launch showcasing not only the great rockets these students have built, but also meet the teams participating in MAV challenge.

Looking for a fun activity this weekend in the DC area? Come find us at the USA Science and Engineering Festival! Details here: http://go.nasa.gov/1S0QloW
Students making rockets! Join us live at noon EDT on our NASA Centennial Challenges  page as we talk to teams participating in the Mars Ascent Vehicle Challenge at our Student Launch event. Details: https://www.nasa.gov/centers/marshall/news/news/releases/2016/rocket-and-robotic-competition-returns-to-nasa-marshall.html
Lots of science and even more fun on "This Week @NASA!" We attended the White House Science Fair, started our Student Launch challenge and even brought an expandable habitat up to the International Space Station. Watch for more: https://youtu.be/ccLZ-_ml6mQ
We're adding space…in space. Watch online as the BEAM expandable module is attached to the International Space Station tomorrow at 5:30 a.m. EDT: http://go.nasa.gov/1SgkTSt

Nearby dwarf galaxy about 2.5 million light-years from Earth displays a speckling of stars seen by our Hubble Space Telescope. Astronomers study these smaller galaxies because they are very numerous and are simpler in structure than their giant cousins. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1XzZTHE

Two U.S. commercial cargo spacecraft are docked to the International Space Station together for the first time. Get the latest from humanity's orbiting laboratory by watching our weekly update. https://youtu.be/_kd8tWBLNB0  Have a question? Use #SpaceToGround
Sifting through the interstellar dust: Of the millions of dust grains that our Cassini spacecraft has sampled at Saturn, a few dozen appear to have come from beyond our solar system. These grains move much faster and in different directions compared to dusty material native to Saturn. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Nr7iTU
Color-changing tape used to pinpoint a hydrogen leak during a shuttle launch is now being used by commercial companies. Learn more about this technology spinoff: http://go.nasa.gov/1qKkvCp
This spider is not-so-"itsy-bitsy". A nebula known as "the Spider" glows fluorescent green and is clearly a site of star formation. Located about 10,000 light-years from Earth, our Spitzer Space Telescope sees these clouds of interstellar gas and dust where stars can form. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1NqItYc
What's stripping the Martian atmosphere? Scientists long suspected that solar wind was the culprit, and now our MAVEN spacecraft has returned the first-ever measurements of solar wind erosion on Mars. Details: https://youtu.be/5V49yL4pe2E

Blast off to the future! Our Space Launch System (SLS) will be the world's most powerful rocket and will take humans beyond Earth's orbit. SLS will launch crews of up to four astronauts in our Orion spacecraft on missions to explore multiple deep-space destinations, including our #JourneyToMars. Find out more: http://www.nasa.gov/sls


We're the nation's space agency, but that doesn't mean you have to travel to the depths of the universe to stay connected with us. Here's how you can keep up with the awesome stuff we're doing: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142701301649/how-to-connect-with-nasa
First-of-a-kind supercomputer simulations are helping us improve aircraft propulsion design. The unique concept design of new blades allows air to flow more efficiently and improves flight performance, reduces carbon emissions and decreases blade rotation noise. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TPUddF
Making space hardware smaller can cause it to generate more heat. We're developing ways to cool it down. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/20zyKX4
The SpaceX Dragon cargo craft approaches to be grappled by the International Space Station crew on April 10. This view is from the Cupola where the primary controls of the Canadarm 2 are located. Crew members use the robotic arm to grapple the spaceship before berthing it to the Earth-facing port on the Harmony module. The spacecraft delivered about 7,000 pounds of science and research investigations, including the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module, known as BEAM.
An Air Force Test Pilot School T-38C passes in front of the sun at a supersonic speed, creating shockwaves that are caught photographically for research. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1TPFgIi
We want to set sail...using solar wind! Revolutionary E-Sail technology could send spacecraft to the edge of the solar system by harnessing solar wind. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Scg6EJ
From Saturn's rings to glacial flow on Pluto, here are a few things you should know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142643663984/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
Even from far away, our spacecraft can phone home in minutes thanks to the Near Earth Network. This invisible network transports data coming in from spacecraft in low-Earth orbits, geosynchronous orbits and even lunar orbits to scientists on the ground. Find out how: http://go.nasa.gov/1RPI6fe


It's difficult to get a sense of scale when viewing Saturn's rings, but the Cassini Division is almost as wide as the planet Mercury. This 2,980-mile-wide (4,800-kilometer-wide) division in Saturn's rings is thought to be caused by the moon Mimas. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1S5dtRW
The bodies in our solar system fall more or less into set categories like gas giants, terrestrial planets, icy comets, and small bodies like asteroids. So where does Pluto fit? Thanks to data and images gathered by our New Horizons spacecraft, scientists can confirm that Pluto is, in fact, a rocky world. https://youtu.be/hrXwy2RQV2Q
Using satellite data on how water moves around Earth, we've solved two mysteries about wobbles in the planet's rotation -- one new and one more than a century old. The research may help improve our knowledge of past and future climate. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SHK2Tq
Success! After launching on Friday, the SpaceX #Dragon spacecraft was successfully installed to the International Space Station at 9:57 a.m. EDT Sunday. Dragon is carrying almost 7,000 pounds of cargo. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ml6SU7
We caught a Dragon! The SpaceX #Dragon cargo spacecraft was successfully captured by #Candarm2 at 7:23 a.m. EDT. It is carrying about 7,000 pounds of supplies for the crew onboard the International Space Station. Make sure to tune back in at 9:45 a.m. for coverage of the spacecraft's installation: http://blogs.nasa.gov/spacestation/2016/04/10/dragon-capture-makes-six-spacecraft-at-station/
The SpaceX #Dragon cargo spacecraft arrives at the International Space Station this morning, delivering more than 7,000 pounds of supplies to the crew onboard. Tune in at 5:30am ET to watch live: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
25 years ago, a satellite launched helping transform our knowledge of the high-energy sky: http://go.nasa.gov/1SmLXMD
Unique red rectangle nebula, seen by the Hubble Space Telescope, was found ~2,300 light-years away: http://go.nasa.gov/1SmTWcL
A long coronal hole can be seen right down the middle of the sun in late March, seen by our Solar Dynamics Observatory: http://go.nasa.gov/1WjZkTL
Sprawling across Pluto's icy landscape is an unusual geological feature that resembles a giant spider. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1WjYWoy  Pluto's unusual spider-like feature consists of at least six extensional fractures that converge to a point. Individual fractures can reach hundreds of miles long and appear to expose a reddish subsurface layer.   Image Credits: NASA/JHUAPL/SwRI
Contrary to some reports, our Cassini spacecraft hasn't felt the pull of a hypothetical Planet 9: http://go.nasa.gov/1SmQzCw
What happened This Week @NASA?   A SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft launched aboard a Falcon 9 rocket to resupply the International Space Station. Also, NASA Seeds Planted in White House Garden, Grunsfeld Retiring on April 30, Orion Water Impact Testing, SLS "Confidence" Fuel Tank Completed, Environmentally Responsible Aviation and more!  Watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J26cfA39BW4
It's Day 2 of the 2016 NASA Human Exploration Rover Challenge. NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center has live coverage of all the action at: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/nasa-msfc
And liftoff... After a successful launch aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, the company's #Dragon spacecraft is beginning its two-day orbital pursuit of the International Space Station. Discover all the new science and research aboard: http://go.nasa.gov/1qcPMxx
ROCKET LAUNCH: SpaceX set to lift off at 4:43pm ET with science & supplies to the International Space Station!
We're launching an expandable habitat to the International Space Station aboard a SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft on today at 4:43 p.m. EDT. This habitat could pave the way for future space habitats on missions to deep space. Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142294936624/the-five-ws-of-an-expandable-habitat-in-space https://youtu.be/X4lTOJU22oY  Tune in to this page starting at about 4:35 p.m. for our Facebook Live broadcast of today's launch!
Partners in Innovation: Starting with today's SpaceX cargo launch to the International Space Station, Eli Lilly & Co. will send investigations looking at tissue wasting and protein crystallography. Liftoff is at 4:43 p.m. EDT. Watch and learn more about space station research. https://youtu.be/mNpc0LRK4sA  Tune in to this page starting at about 4:35 p.m. for our Facebook Live broadcast of today's launch!
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft is set to liftoff to the International Space Station at 4:43 p.m. EDT with almost 7,000 pounds of science and supplies. Tune in to this page starting at about 4:35 p.m. for our Facebook Live broadcast of today's launch!
When a SpaceX Dragon cargo ship launches today at 4:43 p.m. EDT, the stage will be set to have six spacecraft docked to the International Space Station. Dragon is carrying 6,900 pounds (3,130 kilograms) of science, crew supplies and hardware. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1qAvmPI  Tune in to this page starting at approximately 4:35 p.m. for our Facebook Live broadcast of today's SpaceX launch!
The front porch on the International Space Station got a new addition this week. Also, the next cargo spacecraft is set to fly to the station today at 4:43 p.m. EDT. That and more on 'Space to Ground,' your weekly update on what's happening aboard the station. Have a question? Use #SpaceToGround. https://youtu.be/wITwZU3r2mM  Tune in to this page starting at approximately 4:35 p.m. for our Facebook Live broadcast of today's SpaceX launch!
LAUNCH TODAY: Tune in to this page starting at approximately 4:35 p.m. EDT / 8:35 p.m. UTC for our first Facebook Live broadcast of a rocket launch! A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is set to lift off with a Dragon spacecraft loaded with science and supplies destined for the International Space Station.  More about today's launch: http://go.nasa.gov/1RV2BUt
The NASA Human Exploration Rover Challenge starts today at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center. Tune in on Facebook at 11am ET to watch coverage: http://facebook.com/nasamarshallcenter
'Twas the night before launch... The eighth SpaceX cargo mission to the International Space Station under NASA's Commercial Resupply Services contract is scheduled to launch Friday, April 8, from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. NASA Television coverage will begin at 3:30 p.m. EDT and liftoff is targeted for an instantaneous window at 4:43 p.m. Watch online at http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv  The spacecraft's 7,000 pounds of supplies, science experiments, and technology demonstrations include critical materials to support the 250 science and research investigations that will occur during the station's Expeditions 47 and 48.   Image credit: SpaceX
Discover the science and technology launching to the International Space Station on Friday at 4:43 p.m. EDT aboard a SpaceX #Dragon cargo spacecraft: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142407305679/spacex-dragon-whats-onboard
Launch weather is 90% 'go' for Friday's planned liftoff of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket to deliver supplies, science experiments and technology demonstrations to the International Space Station. Launch is set for 4:43 p.m. EDT from Florida. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1V0nMKZ
Launch of a SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station is set for 4:43 p.m. EDT Friday. Watch our prelaunch new conference live at 3:30 p.m. today for the latest: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv. Question? #askNASA
The launch of a SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station on Friday at 4:43 p.m. EDT will set the stage for an historic rendezvous in orbit. This will be the first time that the two vehicles, contracted by us and developed by private industry to resupply the station, are connected to the space station at the same time. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SD1YOU
What's on board the SpaceX Dragon capsule launching tomorrow? Find out live at 1 p.m. EDT to discover the science and technology set to lift off for the International Space Station at 4:43pm Friday: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
On Snapchat? Add NASA & go behind-the-scenes at our Kennedy Space Center to explore preparations for tomorrow's 4:43pm ET SpaceX #Dragon launch to the International Space Station.  Add us on Snapchat: http://snapchat.com/add/nasa
#OTD 15 years ago, we launched 2001 Mars Odyssey, which revived a stymied program of exploring the Red Planet after back-to-back failures of two Mars missions launched in 1999 had prompted an overhaul of our Mars plans. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UZ51aS
Behemoth black hole was found in an unlikely place. Astronomers uncovered a near-record breaking supermassive black hole, weighing 17 billion suns in the center of a galaxy in a sparsely populated area of the universe. The observations may indicate that these monster objects may be more common than once thought. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/25LX77W
Assembly of our next great space observatory, the James Webb Space Telescope, is underway. It will show researchers the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. https://youtu.be/4ufkTUZAiqE
In case you missed it, sister seeds from the International Space Station were planted in the First Lady's Kitchen Garden yesterday. Students from across the country, as well as our Deputy Administrator Dava Newman and astronaut Cady Coleman helped sow the seeds. They planted veggies on Earth, but find out why we're growing plants in space: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142360052084/space-lettuce-in-the-white-house-kitchen-garden
There are 6 people living in space right now on the International Space Station. Here they are seen in a pic from the Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo spacecraft that recently delivered over 7,700 pounds of cargo and equipment to support some 250 experiments during their mission to the orbiting outpost.  From left going clockwise: NASA's Tim Kopra, Roscosmos' Oleg Skripochka and Alexey Ovchinin, NASA Astronaut Jeff Williams, Roscosmos' Yuri Malenchenko, ESA - European Space Agency's Tim Peake.   Learn more: https://www.flickr.com/photos/nasa2explore/26213823756/
Our NEOWISE mission has discovered 72 near Earth-objects (NEOs), comets and asteroids that could enter Earth's neighborhood, and characterized 439 others. Eight of the objects discovered in the past year have been classified as potentially hazardous asteroids, based on their size and how closely their orbits approach Earth. Details: http://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/asteroid-hunting-spacecraft-delivers-a-second-year-of-data
Our next cargo resupply mission to the International Space Station is set to launch at 4:43 p.m. EDT on Friday, April 8. SpaceX Dragon spacecraft will carry science research, crew supplies and hardware to the orbiting laboratory. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/205Ld4G
When our New Horizons spacecraft sped past Pluto on July 14, 2015, it sent back over three years' worth of measurements of the solar wind, filling the gap in space environment observations. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RMs1U6
We're nominated for #Webby awards for three web sites and our social media presence! Vote for us: http://go.nasa.gov/1RMpcm3
We're sending an expandable habitat on the SpaceX #Dragon launch this Friday. This module will take up less room on a rocket, and once set up, will provide more volume for living and working in space. Find out more: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142294936624/the-five-ws-of-an-expandable-habitat-in-space
Twisting through the valley is a Martian dust devil, seen by our Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RLAk2l
Did you know that the International Space Station is also a National Laboratory? It offers many industries access to space. Find out how: https://youtu.be/02Yu9Zqd48E
Slimming of airplane wings expected to reduce fuel and cut emissions, new aeronautics research shows. Since every bit of weight on an aircraft increases the fuel, emissions and money required to put it in the air, we've been working with Boeing to design a longer, thinner and lighter wing – so different from typical commercial transport aircraft wings that it requires a brace, or truss, to provide the wing extra support. Read more: http://go.nasa.gov/1qqo6pa
The solar system is vast and we have an entire fleet of spacecraft exploring it. During any given week, astronauts and robots return thousands of pictures and other data form Earth orbit and from half a dozen other worlds. Check out their views: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142244435694/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
El Niño years can have a big impact on the littlest plants in the ocean. During El Niño, warm waters from the western Pacific migrate eastward toward South America, blocking the supply of nutrients from the lower depths of the ocean to the sea surface. Discover how we're using satellite data to study the relationship between this weather phenomenon and the ocean's food source: http://go.nasa.gov/1TwwHSx
A half-lit Saturn sits askew as its moon Dione is seen on the lower left. This image taken by our Cassini spacecraft was obtained at a distance of approximately 1.2 million miles from the ringed planet. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1XcfFIp
Want to float through the International Space Station? This 360° video allows you to explore station's second module without ever leaving Earth! This module has more than 50,000 mechanical items, 216 lines to carry fluid and gases and 121 internal and external electrical cables using six miles of wire. Take a look: https://www.facebook.com/ISS/videos/1170614316304831/
There's lots to see in the April sky! From Jupiter to the Lyrid meteor shower, find out when and where to look up: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/142073927479/whats-up-for-april-2016
In 1941, our Langley Research Center started operating a wind tunnel that would evaluate more than 300 wartime military aircraft designs. The 200-Foot Vertical Spin Tunnel, which this year celebrates its 75th anniversary, studies aircraft stall and spin characteristics with the aim of preventing deadly tailspin accidents. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/238O26H
Want space news delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up for updates and set your preferences here: http://go.nasa.gov/238G6mb
Did you know that the International Space Station is the third brightest object in the sky? Find out when and where to look up and spot the station: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/139058870124/spot-the-international-space-station Photo Credit: VirtualAstro
Live HD Earth viewing from the International Space Station! Sit back, watch & enjoy our home planet: http://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/HDEV
Docking of the unmanned Russian Progress cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station is scheduled for 2 p.m. EDT. The vehicle has 3 tons of supplies for the station's crew. Watch live coverage starting at 1:15 p.m.: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Piloting a spaceship at 25,000 mph? That controller used to maneuver it better fit like a glove! Engineer Heather Paul and astronaut Chris Cassidy put on spacesuits to test out the next generation controller for the Orion spacecraft - our deep space vehicle that will take humans on the #JourneyToMars. https://youtu.be/Gm8ECUMYBFg
First-ever method for detecting different types of underground forest fungi from space could help researchers predict how climate change will alter forest habitats. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1M7oKBU
This disorganized dwarf galaxy seen by our Hubble Space Telescope is located about 11 million light-years away. Lacking a distinctive structure or shape, irregular dwarf galaxies are often chaotic in appearance. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/236ttrx
What's up for April? Discover where to look in the night sky this month for Jupiter, Mars, the Lyrid meteor shower and 2016's best views of Mercury. Watch for details, and don't forget to look up!  https://youtu.be/af0zVX8nIBc
Rush hour continues at the International Space Station this week with two Russian resupply ships swapping places. See what else is happening on orbit: https://youtu.be/STIH6SsDBro  Question? Use #SpaceToGround?
Get out your red and blue 3-D glasses and take a look at one of Pluto's strangest landforms spotted by our New Horizons spacecraft: its "bladed" terrain. View it here: http://go.nasa.gov/1PIihrG
Moving on up! Our Mars rover Opportunity is driving to a new hillside target after a climb on the steepest slope ever tacked by any Mars rover! Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RszafA
Journey to the center of our Galaxy! Peering deep into the heart of our Milky Way galaxy, our Hubble Space Telescope reveals a rich tapestry of more than half a million stars. At the very hub of our galaxy, this star cluster surrounds the Milky Way's central supermassive black hole, which is about 4 million times the mass of our sun. Discover more: http://go.nasa.gov/1Rsw7UN
Why do raindrop sizes matter in storms? They can help improve rainfall estimates from satellite data and in numerical weather forecast models. This information is helping us better understand and prepare for extreme weather events. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1qln7Xq
We're working to create a new spacecraft fuel that is safer to handle on the ground and more efficient for thrusters in space. We just marked the successful completion of functional and environmental testing of its system and software. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1PI0xN5
Watch live as a Russian Progress cargo spacecraft launches to the International Space Station at 12:23 p.m. EDT. This spacecraft will carry three tons of food, fuel and supplies to the crew aboard the orbiting laboratory. Details: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv

What do vegetation and satellites have in common? They're both being used to predict reproduction patterns of deer. Wildlife managers can now better predict when deer will give birth thanks to our satellite data that tracks vegetation from space. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1RLNVWu
Imagine a world with rivers of lava and big pools of extremely hot magma. This animation shows one possible scenario for the toasty rocky planet nearly two times the size of Earth and 40 light-years away. Observations from our Spitzer Space Telescope have led to the first temperature map of this planet. The map reveals extreme temperature swings from one side of the planet to the other, and hints that a possible reason for this is the presence of lava flows. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RLLinC
What triggered the most recent supernova in our Milky Way? We now have a technique to find out: http://go.nasa.gov/1VU2U6S  Scientists applied a new technique to find out and it could have implications for understanding other Type Ia supernovas, a class of stellar explosions that scientists use to determine the expansion rate of the Universe.
What would it be like to stand on the surface of Mars? We've teamed up with Microsoft HoloLense to bring you this experience. Take a guided tour of an area of the Red Planet with astronaut Buzz Aldrin this summer in "Destination: Mars," an interactive "mixed reality" experience. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1VTxXje
If we're going to send astronauts on long duration missions, we'll need new and better tools to monitor whether they're healthy along the way. New DNA/RNA tool could make comprehensive diagnostics at long distances a reality for us — and it has big potential to advance medicine on Earth, too. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UrV05i #JourneyToMars

A new, cutting-edge instrument will be built to help detect planets outside our solar system, known as exoplanets. The instrument, named NEID, will find these planets by measuring the minuscule "wobbling" of stars. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1UrCRVi
Our #OMG mission is mapping the sea floor depth off the Greenland coast to test connection between ocean warming and ice loss. The data from this #EarthExpedition will be used to understand the pathways that warm water can reach glacier edges. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Su8kTk
Our Space Launch System (SLS) rocket will be the most powerful in the world and is the vehicle that will launch humans beyond low-Earth orbit on our #JourneyToMars. Pathfinders, or test versions of solid rocket booster segments, will be used to pave the way for SLS operations. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RGoWEc
Arctic sea ice appears to have reached a record low wintertime maximum for the second year in a row. On March 24, Arctic sea ice extent peaked at 5.607 million square miles. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RG1tD0
Every 111 days this hot, gaseous planet, known as HD 80606b, swings extremely close to its star and experiences a massive burst of heat. Our Spitzer Space Telescope measured the heating cycle of this planet. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1UxrmvS
What should you know about the solar system this week? From bright spots on dwarf planet Ceres to auroras on Jupiter, this lists breaks it down. Check it out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141842102149/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
One of our most ambitious research studies of Earth's atmosphere deploys this summer. The Atmospheric Tomography mission will take off aboard our DC-8 flying laboratory on a 26-day mission where it will help us understand the major gases of Earth's atmosphere. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RHVofE
Could climate change be impacting wine grape harvests? A new study finds that climate change is diminishing an important link between droughts and the timing of wine grape harvests in France and Switzerland. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RHUEak
Our small satellite Cube Quest competition has awarded second-round prizes! Cube Quest is a $5 million challenge that requires teams to design, build and deliver flight-qualified CubeSats capable of advanced operations near and beyond the moon. More information: http://go.nasa.gov/1RHUujg
Big on social media? Interested in seeing our first-ever asteroid sample-collecting spacecraft? Then apply to attend our #NASASocial on April 29 in Colorado. A group of social media users will get the chance to attend a one-day event and learn about our OSIRIS-REx mission. For more details and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1SooPjO
Astronomers were watching when a comet flew past Earth on March 22 and captured radar images from the flyby. The comet was about 2.2 million miles away, making it the third closest comet flyby in recorded history. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Soos8E
Now home on Earth, the #YearInSpace crew launched to the International Space Station one year ago today. Take a look back at their mission: http://go.nasa.gov/1SonBVF
This month, New Horizons scientists have authored the first set of comprehensive papers about last summer's #PlutoFlyby. What have we learned about the dwarf planet? Find out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141661137474/what-have-we-learned-about-pluto
Want to see inside the International Space Station without leaving Earth? Take this 360° tour of the station's first module, Zarya! This module was designed to provide the station's initial propulsion and power. Take the tour: https://www.facebook.com/ISS/videos/vb.168170833215856/1162131517153111/?type=2&theater
New map allows astronomers to examine the dynamics, chemistry, temperatures, and velocity within the interstellar cloud called the Horsehead Nebula. Observations were made by SOFIA Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy, a Boeing 747SP jetliner modified to carry a 100-inch diameter telescope. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1WQeY7u
Success! Using the International Space Station's robotic arm, Canadarm2, astronaut Tim Kopra successfully captured Orbital ATK's Cygnus cargo vehicle at 6:51 a.m. EDT. The cargo ship was bolted into place on the International Space Station's Earth-facing port of the Unity module at 10:52 a.m. Cygnus is delivering more than 7,700 pounds of science and research, crew supplies and vehicle hardware to the orbital laboratory. http://blogs.nasa.gov/spacestation
Orbital ATK's #Cygnus spacecraft was sucessfully captured at 6:51 a.m. EDT by the station's #Canadarm2. Tune in again at 9:15am to watch its installation to the International Space Station: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Don't forget to tune in at 5:30 a.m. EDT to watch as Orbital ATK's #Cygnus spacecraft arrives at the International Space Station. Carrying nearly 7,500 pounds of cargo, Cygnus will be captured using the space station's Canadarm2 robotic arm and connected to the orbiting laboratory. Watch online: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Tomorrow, Orbital ATK's #Cygnus spacecraft will arrive at theInternational Space Station, carrying over 7,500 pounds of supplies. Watch live coverage online starting at 5:30 a.m. EDT, with capture at 6:40 a.m. Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141501458144/how-will-cygnus-spacecraft-dock-to-space-station
What happened this week @NASA? Our kickoff of #EarthExpedition, eight major new field campaigns taking researchers around the world on a wide range of Earth science investigations. That and more on 'This Week @NASA.' Watch now! https://youtu.be/y56uqOaURXw
Producing a seamless global map of Saturn's moon Titan is a challenging task, but our Cassini spacecraft is working on it by adding small pieces when it flies by, which is about once per month, on average. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1MH2PMF
Big on social media? Interested in seeing our first-ever asteroid sample-collecting spacecraft? Then apply to attend our #NASASocial on April 29 in Colorado. A group of social media users will get the chance to attend a one-day event and learn about our OSIRIS-REx mission. For more details and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1pM8BrE
A cosmic kaleidoscope! This strikingly beautiful — and serene — snapshot of the cosmos marks the site of two colliding galaxy clusters, forming a single object, which is about 4.3 billion light-years from Earth. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1MGEbM6

OMG! Join us for a Facebook Live Q&A at 11 a.m. EDT where we'll be broadcasting from Greenland! Our "Oceans Melting Greenland" (OMG) mission is investigating how the oceans are melting Greenland's ice from below: https://www.facebook.com/nasaearth/ #EarthExpedition
Space to Ground: Cargo spacecraft is on its way to the International Space Station after a flawless launch Tuesday. It's set to arrive Saturday with over 7,700 lbs of cargo, including an exercise device to help on our #JourneyToMars. That and more on this week's Space Station Update. Question? Use #SpaceToGround. https://youtu.be/U3ez7ci4TEg
Features spotted on Pluto point to a possible former lake and channels that may also have carried liquids billions of years ago. These liquids might have flowed across and pooled on Pluto's surface because of the much higher pressure in the dwarf planet's atmosphere and warmer conditions on the surface. See what our New Horizons spacecraft discovered: http://go.nasa.gov/1T82Nnu
The highest peaks found on Saturn's largest moon Titan could give us insight about the forces affecting its evolution. Our Cassini spacecraft found Titan's tallest peak, which is 10,948 feet high, within a trio of mountainous ridges. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1T7U3Oj
Mars is the fourth planet from the sun, but here are a few fun facts about the Red Planet that you might not know: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141602045589/fun-facts-about-mars
A circular outburst was captured by our Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) on March 13. Outbursts like this are notoriously unstable clouds of solar material suspended above the surface by the sun's complex magnetic forces. This video was made from images taken every 12 seconds by SDO. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1RBai7q
Our hardy robots are well engineered to take the abuse that the harsh space environment dishes out. Check out a few of our longest-lived planetary missions and the work they've accomplished: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141448484959/solar-system-10-things-to-know-this-week
You know the "man in the moon"? New research provides evidence that it wasn't always pointed at Earth. Roughly three billion years ago, the spin axis of Earth's moon shifted by about five degrees. As the axis moved, so did the feature we've all come to know as the "man in the moon." Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1T6Gdf4
Join our "world tour," as we launch eight #EarthExpedition field campaigns to study our home planet. From Greenland to coral reefs, find out what each mission will investigate: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141553178299/earth-expeditions-preview
Future aircraft fuel efficiency could be dramatically increased thanks to ideas validated with our flying wing-shaped experimental airplane. The project features a new wing design method and a twist. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1T6wzcu
Auroras, on Jupiter! Solar storms are triggering X-ray auroras that are about eight times brighter than normal over a large area of the planet. These images show X-ray data from our Chandra X-ray Observatory in purple, overlaid on an optical image from the Hubble Space Telescope.More: http://go.nasa.gov/1T6s9lJ
Get a front row seat as we kick off our new #EarthExpedition field campaigns to study our changing Earth. Our view from space shows us that our planet is changing, but to really understand the details of these changes, and what they mean for our future, we need to take a closer look. Follow the science on this six-month "world tour": https://blogs.nasa.gov/earthexpeditions/
Our Dawn spacecraft has revealed marvelous images from its lowest orbit of dwarf planet #Ceres, revealing bright spots and color differences on the surface. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ry78uI
In case you missed it, Orbital ATK's #Cygnus spacecraft launched ~7,500 pounds of cargo to the International Space Station last night. The spacecraft is scheduled to arrive at the orbiting laboratory on March 26. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1o6ipLm
And liftoff! A United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket lifts off from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Liftoff was at 11:05 p.m. EDT. The Orbital ATK CRS-6 Cygnus spacecraft on a commercial resupply services mission to deliver 7,500 pounds of supplies to the International Space Station.  Photo by United Launch Alliance
And liftoff! Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft launched at 11:05 p.m. EDT Tuesday with 3.5 tons of experiments, equipment and supplies destined for the crew of the International Space Station. See what's flying: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141432956894/cygnus-cargo-craft-whats-onboard
Tonight, Orbital ATK's #Cygnus cargo spacecraft is set to launch at 11:05 p.m. EDT to the International Space Station. What's onboard this cargo resupply vehicle? Find out here: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141432956894/cygnus-cargo-craft-whats-onboard
Want to see tonight's launch of Orbital ATK's #Cygnus cargo ship to the International Space Station? You can! Live coverage is available online and begins at 10 p.m. EDT, with liftoff scheduled at 11:05 p.m. Watch it here: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Have you ever wondered how cargo vehicles dock to the International Space Station? Here's how Orbital ATK's #Cygnus spacecraft will connect to the orbiting laboratory on Saturday, after tonight's 11:05 p.m. EDT launch: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141501458144/how-will-cygnus-spacecraft-dock-to-space-station
The International Space Station opens new opportunities to conduct innovative research on orbit. Find out what new science is flying on tonight's 11:05 p.m. EDT #Cygnus cargo launch: https://youtu.be/cVwaSUIDVOQ
How will tonight's 11:05 p.m. EDT #Cygnus cargo launch help research onboard the International Space Station? This Orbital ATK cargo spacecraft will carry almost 7,500 pounds of needed supplies and science to the orbiting laboratory. Details: https://youtu.be/OkhJJ0aZnoc
How can astronauts stay fit on long-duration missions, like our #JourneyToMars? This mini exercise device flying on today's 11:05 p.m. EDT #Cygnus cargo launch could be the key! Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141493015934/how-do-you-stay-fit-on-a-mission-to-mars
It's launch day. Orbital ATK's #Cygnus cargo resupply spacecraft will carry almost 7,500 pounds of science and research to the International Space Station. Watch online starting at 10 p.m. EDT, with launch set at 11:05 p.m. https://blogs.nasa.gov/kennedy
A new map of Mars' gravity provides a revealing glimpse into the hidden interior of the Red Planet. This map was made with three of our spacecraft and is the most detailed to date. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1UJSqq0

A new 3D printer and research projects examining everything from adhesive technologies to the behavior of large fires in space are packed inside an Orbital ATK Cygnus spacecraft for launch Tuesday at 11:05 p.m. EDT to the International Space Station. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1XIpgqA
For the first time, the brilliant flash of an exploding star's shockwave has been captured in visible light. The steady gaze of our Kepler space telescope allowed astronomers to see a supernova shockwave as it reached the surface of a star. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1XIfLaT
Want to see a rocket launch in-person? Big on social media? Apply now to attend the #NASASocial for the SpaceX cargo launch to the International Space Station on April 8 from Florida: http://go.nasa.gov/1MizWLI
#ICYMI, here's what's launching on Orbital ATK's #Cygnus spacecraft tomorrow. Lots of science and supplies for the International Space Station crew. Check it out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141432956894/cygnus-cargo-craft-whats-onboard
Tomorrow, Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft will launch to the International Space Station carrying important experiments and supplies to the crew. What exactly will it have on board? Find out during today's broadcast at 12:30 p.m. EDT. Have questions? Use #askNASA: http://go.nasa.gov/1XHtkap
Did you know that you can spot the International Space Station in the night sky? Find out when it's flying over your area: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/139058870124/spot-the-international-space-station Photo Credit: VirtualAstro
Want to get space news delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up for updates here: http://go.nasa.gov/1Ra3t9u
How well do you know your space photos? Test your skills with this quick quiz: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/133868696214/how-well-do-you-know-your-space-photos
Want to experience a rocket launch in-person? You're in luck! Social media users are invited to apply for a #NASASocial event to attend the targeted April 8 launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station. For more information and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1MizYTR
Is your passion to communicate and engage the world via social media? Then this is the event for you. Experience a rocket launch in-person from Florida! Social media users are invited to apply for a #NASASocial credentials to attend the targeted April 8 launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station. For more information and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1R4dWod

Why is the Earth galactically special? Our ScienceCast takes a look at the chemical ingredients:
This month, two comets will safely zip past Earth at a distance of about 2.2 million miles. It's possible that one of the comets might be a fragment that calved off sometime in the larger comet's past, thus creating the two that will fly past Earth . Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1MhuE39
Welcome to the space station! Hatches were opened at 1:18 a.m. EDT and the crew onboard grew from three to six members. Details: https://blogs.nasa.gov/spacestation/
Take a look inside Mission Control to see what it looked like during astronaut Jeff William's launch to the International Space Station. This 360 degree panoramic image gives you the in-person perspective of being in the room!
After their six-hour journey, astronaut Jeff Williams and crew are scheduled to dock to the International Space Station at 11:11 p.m. EDT. Watch live online starting at 10:30 p.m.: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Is your passion to communicate and engage the world via social media? Then this is the event for you. Experience a rocket launch in-person from Florida! Social media users are invited to apply for a #NASASocial credentials to attend the targeted April 8 launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station. For more information and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1R4dWod
NASA astronaut Jeff Williams and Roscosmos cosmonauts Oleg Skripochka and Alexey Ovchinin launched to the International Space Station today at 5:26 p.m. EDT. The crew is scheduled to dock to the station at 11:11 p.m. EDT after a six-hour journey.   During the six-month mission, Williams will become the new American record holder for cumulative days in space – 534 – surpassing Commander Scott Kelly, who wrapped up his one-year mission on March 1. Williams will take command of the station on June 4. This will be his third space station expedition – another record.  The crew members will continue several hundred experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science and Earth science currently underway and scheduled to take place aboard humanity's only orbiting laboratory. Williams, Ovchinin and Skripochka are scheduled to spend six months on the station, returning to Earth in early September 2016.
The next crew launches to the International Space Station today at 5:26 p.m. EDT. Watch live coverage starting at 4:30 p.m. on NASA Television: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Do you have questions about today's launch to the International Space Station? You're in luck! Astronaut Doug Wheelock will be answering #AskNASA questions from Mission Control starting at 4 p.m. EDT.
Want to have an out-of-this-world Friday? Watch live as astronaut Jeff Williams launches to the International Space Station at 5:26 p.m. EDT. Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141260227804/houston-we-have-a-launch
Next record-breaking astronaut is ready for launch! NASA Astronaut Jeff Williams is set to blast off at 5:26 p.m. EDT today. Watch our weekly International Space Station update and get the latest news from the orbiting laboratory. Got a question or comment? Use #SpaceToGround to talk to us. https://youtu.be/KZ4IzEBnuek
A strange new kind of galactic beast has been spotted in the cosmic wilderness. These "super spirals," are distant, behemoth versions of everyday spiral galaxies. Rare, super spiral galaxies present researchers with the major mystery of how such giants could have arisen. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1S76XK0
Tomorrow, record-breaking astronaut Jeff Williams is scheduled to launch to the International Space Station. Coverage begins at 4:30 p.m. EST, with launch at 5:26 p.m. He, along with Russian cosmonauts Alexey Ovchinin and Oleg Skripochka will rendezvous with the space station six hours after launch. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uk5ovF
A year ago, Pluto was just a bright speck in the cameras of our New Horizons spacecraft. This week, New Horizons scientists have authored the first comprehensive set of papers describing results from last summer's #PlutoFlyby. Observing the Pluto system up close has caused us to completely reassess thinking on what sort of geological activity can be sustained on isolated planetary bodies in this distant region of the solar system. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1S6LBfL
Nine monster stars that are over 100 times the mass of our sun were spotted by our Hubble Space Telescope using its ultraviolet capabilities. This cluster contains hundreds of young blue stars, among them is the most massive star detected in the universe so far. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1Uj5O5w
Happy #StPatricksDay! Here's an image of Ireland seen from here from the International Space Station on a moonlit night under an amazing green aurora. http://go.nasa.gov/1S6dLHV
Launched in January, Jason-3 produced its first complete science map of global sea surface height, capturing the current El Niño. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1LrtdPF
We're going to set a fire... on a spacecraft. Learn more about our burning desire to study fire safety in space: http://go.nasa.gov/1LqT3TK
On Friday, three humans will launch to the International Space Station. Their Soyuz spacecraft rolled out to the launch pad by train in the earlier today in Kazakhstan. The rocket is scheduled to lift off at 5:26 p.m. EDT carrying two Russians cosmonauts and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams to begin their five and a half month mission on the station. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1ROuDjL
TODAY: We're hosting a Women's History Month event at 12 p.m. EDT that examines the role of women in the fields of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), featuring some of our top leaders – women in STEM. Watch live at: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv Question? Use #askNASAWomen
Women's History Month STEM Event: In partnership with the White House Council on Women and Girls, we will host a Women's History Month event Wednesday that examines the role of women in the fields of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), featuring some of our top leaders – women in STEM. The event will air live on NASA TV and the web starting at noon EDT. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1nMJoLG #WomensHistoryMonth
Moon shadows on Jupiter and nine more things to know about our solar system this week: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141100728509/solar-system-things-to-know-this-week
This illustration depicts the sun's magnetic fields over an image captured by our Solar Dynamics Observatory. The complex overlay of lines can teach scientists about the ways the sun's magnetism changes in response to the constant movement on and inside the sun. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1nLZZPI
The remotely controlled Sally Ride EarthKAM aboard the International Space Station snapped this striking photograph during a flyover of South Africa on Feb. 9. The EarthKAM program allows students to request photographs of specific Earth features, which are taken by a special camera mounted on the space station when it passes over those features. The images are posted online for the public and students in participating classrooms around the world to view. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1nLyhCR
Extremely heavy rain fell over the southern U.S. during the past week & satellite data provided a look at areas with the heaviest rainfall. The data showed the largest amounts of rain fell from north central Louisiana to southern Arkansas. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SO4Sou
The European Space Agency's ExoMars mission launched today, beginning a seven-month journey to the Red Planet. Aboard are two NASA radios that are engineered to provide communication relay service for rovers and landers on Mars. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1SNZ2n9  NASA is on an ambitious journey to Mars that will include sending humans to the Red Planet. Current and future robotic spacecraft are leading the way and will prepare an infrastructure in advance for human missions.
Pi Day, the informal holiday beloved by math enthusiasts — and even by the math averse — is here! March 14 marks the yearly celebration of the mathematical constant π (pi). See how we use Pi at NASA: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/141033842714/its-pi-day #PiDay
Tilted Terminator:  When viewed with north pointing up, as in this image, the day-night boundary line (or terminator) cuts diagonally across Saturn's moon Enceladus. This view captured by NASA's Cassini Mission to Saturn shows wrinkled plains that are remarkably youthful in appearance, being generally free of large impact craters. More: http://go.nasa.gov/22gbYVw
Happy Pi Day! Take our "Pi in the Sky" challenge, testing to solve some of the same problems our scientists and engineers do. More: http://go.nasa.gov/22fEYg7 #PiDay
What's sticky, stony and sizzling? The new science launching to the International Space Station on Orbital ATK CRS-6 on March 22. This cargo spacecraft will deliver investigations that will study fire, meteors, regolith, adhesion and 3-D printing in microgravity. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1ph4keS
An estimated 3 million shipwrecks are scattered across the planet's oceans. Now, using data from the NASA/USGS Landsat 8 satellite, researcher have found the watery graves of some shipwrecks near coastal waters. See how: http://go.nasa.gov/1pBXLUK
Our scientists are closer to solving the mystery of how Mars' moon Phobos formed. The MAVEN mission observed Phobos in the mid- and far-ultraviolet. The images will allow scientists to better assess the composition of this enigmatic object, whose origin is unknown. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24YjnuP
Two new Earth science investigations will track harmful air pollutants and study the development of tropical cyclones. These two CubeSats, bread-loaf sized satellites, will make measurements and perform analyses that will have direct societal benefit. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/22bople
Feeling small? Here's a legion of galaxies! Peering deep into the early universe, this picturesque observation from the Hubble Space Telescope reveals thousands of colorful galaxies swimming in the inky blackness of space. A few foreground stars from our own galaxy, the Milky Way, are also visible. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/22bk01J
Comet Siding Spring wreaked havoc on Mars' magnetic field during its flyby of the Red Planet in October 2014. The effect was temporary but profound. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/22bjH7h
How do we decrease the noise from sonic booms? A new air data probe will be used to improve investigation of the noise created by shockwaves. The goal of this study is to find ways to control and lessen this noise so that federal regulators will allow commercial supersonic flight overland. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TD9PkY
During this season of El Nino influenced Pacific storms, we have been analyzing the storms that brought rain and snow to the U.S. West Coast. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/22bjdxZ
Watch 'This Week @NASA' and get the latest news happening from around the agency: https://youtu.be/dJZ-K-tSj0A

After living off the planet for 340 days and returning to Earth on March 2, NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly will retire from NASA, effective April 1. Kelly will continue to participate in the ongoing research related to his #YearInSpace mission aboard the International Space Station. He periodically will provide medical samples and support other testing in continuation of our Twins Study, along with his identical twin brother, former astronaut Mark Kelly. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1nDKZDx

A new global network of stations is being rolled out to help us make more precise measurements of Earth's orientation and rotation. This information helps provide a foundation for navigation of all space missions and for studies of our planet. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1nD8LPW
What's eating at Pluto? Scientists on our New Horizons mission have discovered what looks like a giant "bite mark" on Pluto's surface. They suspect it may be caused by a process known as sublimation—the transition of a substance from a solid to a gas. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1SG9BIQ
With astronauts having come from 18 different countries and counting, are there rules for using languages aboard the International Space Station? Watch our weekly space station update and find out. Have a question for us? Use #SpaceToGround. https://youtu.be/SktLZ2l3uxs
The planets in our solar system have piqued the interest of many scientists, but what about their moons? As the years have passed, astronomers have realized that the moons of the solar system may be even more interesting. Take a look: https://youtu.be/CQjZf2bW9XQ
Amateur Radio on the International Space Station (ARISS) has marked its 1000th educational contact with the ground. Allowing students talk directly with someone orbiting above the Earth remains a thrill, as well as an educational experience. Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/1LVjD7v
During this week's total solar eclipse, the DSCOVR Observatory captured the moon's shadow marching across Earth's sunlit face. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1LVbC2t
In this case, more is better! We're using multiple telescopes to learn about clusters of galaxies. Combining the power of multiple telescopes could help us learn how our entire universe evolved in the past and where it may be heading in the future: http://go.nasa.gov/1Xg4lLi
Join space station flight controllers at 3 p.m. EST during our Reddit AMA. These are the people who help astronauts conduct research on orbit. Ask them anything: LIVE NOW: Join a @Reddit AMA with @Space_Station flight controllers. Ask about @ISS_Research: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/49v2xx/were_flight_controllers_in_nasas_iss_science/
What do you do after returning to Earth from a #YearInSpace? Here are a few things that astronaut Scott Kelly did upon his arrival home: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140805557534/what-did-astronaut-scott-kelly-do-after-a
Ten years ago, our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) began orbiting the Red Planet. Since then, it has delivered huge advances in knowledge about Mars and has also provided crucial support for rover and stationary lander missions on the planet. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1XeX5iC

Visualization shows total sea level change between 1992 and 2014, based on data collected from Earth observing satellites. Blue regions are where sea level has gone down, and orange/red regions are where sea level has gone up. Since 1992, seas around the world have risen an average of nearly 3 inches. https://youtu.be/YLYqNU21FPo

Our Kepler space telescope got a second chance to search for planets orbiting other stars. After a critical failure had robbed the planet-hunting spacecraft of its ability to stay pointed at a target without drifting off course, engineers devised a remarkable solution. They used the pressure of sunlight to stabilize the spacecraft. Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140754598344/a-spacecrafts-second-life-our-k2-mission
Meet the crew launching to the International Space Station this summer during today's news conference at 2 p.m. EST. Watch live and ask your questions using #askNASA: http://go.nasa.gov/1RRzGCz
Our SOFIA flying observatory indicates that star eruptions create elements that can form rocky planets, like Earth. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1RRvdja
Save the Date: our Mars InSight lander team is now working toward a May 5, 2018, launch: http://go.nasa.gov/1R7qrRC  This mission will study the deep interior of Mars to help us understand how rocky planets – including Earth – formed and evolved.
Wow, a total solar eclipse! See the moon pass directly in front of the sun. It happened from 8:38 to 8:42 p.m. EST Tuesday. As the moon passed precisely between the sun and Earth – a relatively rare occurrence that happens only about once a year because of the fact that the moon and the sun do not orbit in the exact same plane – it blocked the sun's bright face, revealing the tenuous and comparatively faint solar atmosphere, the corona.  The total eclipse was only visible in parts of Southeast Asia   Learn more about this event: https://youtu.be/MQjPFwcjh9c #eclipse2016
Live coverage of tonight's total solar #Eclipse2016 over SE Asia starts at 8 p.m. EST.  We're streaming both "raw" telescope views and a hosted program. The period of total eclipse, called totality, will occur from 8:38 to 8:42 p.m. Watch: http://go.nasa.gov/1M5us1t
People in parts of Southeast Asia will see a total solar eclipse tonight at 8:38 p.m. EST. This rare occurrence of the moon passing between the sun and Earth typically only happens about once a year: http://go.nasa.gov/1U2vvqI   If you're not in Southeast Asia during the eclipse you can still watch online via NASA Television: http://go.nasa.gov/1U2vxPo
Tonight, catch Jupiter in the sky during its close encounter with Earth. The giant planet will be "up all night", soaring almost overhead at midnight and not setting until the sky brightens at sunrise. Details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140235203454/whats-up-for-march-2016
The total solar #Eclipse2016 happens today starting at 8 p.m. EST. Not in Southeast Asia to see it? No worries, we have you covered! Watch it online: https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Have questions about today's solar #Eclipse2016? This solar event will be visible in South East Asia or you can watch on the web or on NASA TV. Join our Reddit AMA at 1 p.m. EST to ask a solar scientists about the event: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/49i8o5/science_ama_series_im_sarah_jaeggli_a_solar/
Total solar eclipse of the sun! The path of totality will take the moon's shadow across an area in Micronesia. Not in South East Asia? No worries. Live coverage of this fantastic astronomical event starts March 8th at 8 p.m. ET on NASA Television. Watch: http://www.nasa.gov/ntv
Citizen scientists can help our researchers understand auroras. Improving forecasts and studying auroras are important because auroras are features of geomagnetic storms, which can cause power outages and interrupt satellite systems. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1OXWqMG #NASABeyond

TODAY: We're hosting a Facebook Q&A at 3 p.m. EST with solar scientists about the March 8 total solar eclipse, which primarily will be visible in parts of South East Asia. An eclipse occurs when the moon passes directly between Earth and the sun. When the moon's shadow falls on Earth, observers within that shadow see the moon block a portion of the sun's light.   To join the Q&A, visit: https://www.facebook.com/nasamarshallcenter To learn more about our eclipse activities, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfauZc     #Eclipse2016
Behold, the mountain Ahuna Mons on dwarf planet Ceres! From afar, Ahuna Mons looked to be pyramid-shaped, but upon closer inspection, it is best described as a dome with smooth, steep walls. This image was taken by our Dawn spacecraft's  lowest-altitude orbit of Ceres. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1OXFiXj
Have you ever seen a rocket launch in-person? Come to Florida and witness the next cargo launch to the International Space Station and get a behind the scenes look at NASA! Apply to attend a #NASASocial on March 21-22: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfdbKn
We're beginning work to build a quieter supersonic passenger jet. Learn more: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfcyQN
Want to spot a Kuiper Belt Object? If so, here's a tool to help you watch the space around thousands of stars simultaneously: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfctwI
Twice a year, for 3 weeks, Earth blocks part of @NASASunEarth's #SDO's solar view. See why: http://go.nasa.gov/24I5VLl
Exotic snow capped mountains stretching across the dark expanse on Pluto were discovered by our New Horizons team. Scientists think that methane condensed as ice onto the peaks from Pluto's atmosphere. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24I5NeY

Atmospheric river storms are more likely to melt snow in the Sierras, says new study: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfccK5
We are saddened by the loss of Nancy Reagan. In her honor, here is an image of her with Space Shuttle Columbia in July 1982.
Star light, star bright! Light from the central star 2,300 light-years away streams out as a rainbow of colors: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfceBK
New study finds that the recent drought that began in 1998 in the eastern Mediterranean Levant region, which comprises Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, and Turkey, is likely the worst drought of the past nine centuries. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24I5CQW
After years of tests & development, our scientific balloon is set to break flight duration record: http://go.nasa.gov/24I6aWK
Next week is a total solar eclipse & we're going to answer your questions & stream it live. Join us: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfauZ9
Space exploration isn't for dummies. Well, except for these helping to assess crew safety: http://go.nasa.gov/24I4Ao1
Fire in the hole! New experiment will help see how fire spreads in microgravity & is critical to space safety: https://www.nasa.gov/feature/fire-in-the-hole-studying-how-flames-grow-in-space
Special software, first made by NASA's Ames Research Center, could help machines  monitor their own health and tell us when they are sick in the future: http://go.nasa.gov/1Yfaatj
See the next International Space Station cargo launch in person from Florida! Apply to attend a #NASASocial on March 21-22: http://go.nasa.gov/1YfdbKn
Although two of Saturn's moons, Tethys and Janus, are made of similar materials, they are very different worlds. Largely different because of their size, this view captured by our Cassini spacecraft looks toward the sunlit side of Saturn's rings. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24I4s7N
Looking back at the #YearInSpace -- it has opened a new chapter in human exploration of space: http://go.nasa.gov/1Yf9Xq1
What happened This Week @NASA? #YearInSpace crew returns, Low boom aircraft and more! https://youtu.be/KF74q2BIVFI
LIVE NOW: Astronaut Scott Kelly answers questions about his #YearInSpace! Join Kelly on our Facebook Live as he discusses what it was like living off the planet for 340 days and how his return to Earth is going. Watch: https://www.facebook.com/ISS/videos/vb.168170833215856/1146398038726459/?type=2&theater
TODAY: We're talking space station science! Streamed live at 1 p.m. EST is a science briefing on the #YearInSpace mission of NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko. And at 2 p.m., Kelly answers questions about his mission. Have a question? Use #askNASA. Watch: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv

TODAY: We're hosting a Reddit AMA at 11 a.m. EST on the science behind the #YearInSpace mission, which ended Tuesday when NASA astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko returned to Earth. Get the details: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/139928387864/yearinspace-reddit-ama
Historic homecoming featured on our weekly International Space Station update. Watch now for the latest. Got a question or comment? Use #SpaceToGround.https://youtu.be/uVcFL_qUXc0
Experience in-person the next cargo launch to the International Space Station! Social media users are invited to apply for credentials to attend the targeted March 22 launch of Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft on a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Florida. For details and to apply, visit: http://go.nasa.gov/1QWyT64 #NASASocial
Upcoming total solar #eclipse is a moment in the Sun's atmosphere packed with science: http://go.nasa.gov/1QWlpYa
On Snapchat? Check out today's Live Story about astronaut Scott Kelly's "Return to Earth" & remember to add NASA to get snaps from space and so much more!
Far out! The Hubble Space Telescope breaks cosmic distance record by measuring farthest galaxy ever seen: http://go.nasa.gov/1QW8KEE
We collaborated with Angry Birds to welcome NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly back to Earth with a special Year in Space tournament in Angry Birds Friends. Learn more about his mission and return from a #YearinSpace aboard the International Space Station: http://go.nasa.gov/1UyHHib
On Snapchat? Check out today's Live Story about NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly's "Return to Earth" & remember to add NASA to get snaps from space and so much more!
After a historic #YearInSpace mission aboard the International Space Station, NASA astronaut Scott Kelly landed in Houston, his home. This is the first time he's seen his family in almost a year. Scott was greeted by the Second Lady of the United States Dr. Jill Biden, Assistant to the President for Science and Technology Dr. John P. Holdren, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, and Kelly's identical twin brother and former NASA astronaut Mark Kelly.   Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1QUYAUM
Astronaut Scott Kelly will return home to Houston after a #YearInSpace! Kelly's plane is now expected to land no earlier than 1:50 a.m. EST on March 3. NASA TV coverage will begin approximately 15 minutes earlier. Watch live on NASA Television: http://go.nasa.gov/1TRPtUZ
Today, President Obama spoke by phone with astronaut Scott Kelly to welcome him back to Earth from his record-breaking #YearInSpace mission on the International Space Station. Learn more: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140353327984/hello-scott-its-president-obama
Astronaut Scott Kelly just returned home from his #YearInSpace. Discover the science behind his one-year mission: http://go.nasa.gov/1oZzhEU
During astronaut Scott Kelly's #YearInSpace he got to rack up some pretty cool stats. Take a look at some of his awesome "firsts": http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140337757279/scott-kelly-was-the-first-to
How does astronaut Scott Kelly feel after spending a #YearInSpace? He explains in this interview taken after last night's landing in Kazakstan. Watch the full interview here: https://youtu.be/SdD080GPuys
Two thumbs up from NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly, seen resting in a chair outside of the spacecraft just minutes after he and Russian cosmonauts Mikhail Kornienko and Sergey Volkov of Roscosmos landed in a remote area near the town of Zhezkazgan, Kazakhstan on Wednesday, March 2, 2016 (Kazakh time). Kelly and Kornienko completed an International Space Station record year-long mission to collect valuable data on the effect of long duration weightlessness on the human body that will be used to formulate a human mission to Mars. Volkov returned after spending six months on the station.   Learn more: http://www.nasa.gov/oneyear Photo Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls
Welcome home astronaut Scott Kelly! Your #YearInSpace helps ensure humans are "go" for deep space missions and our #JourneyToMars.
After 340 days in space, astronaut Scott Kelly is back on Earth from his #YearInSpace mission. Landing was confirmed at 11:26 p.m. EST and the crew is safely on the ground in Kazakhstan: http://www.nasa.gov/station
See what happens from deorbit burn to landing for the spacecraft carrying Astronaut Scott Kelly as he returns from his #YearInSpace:
Coming home! Astronaut Scott Kelly is scheduled to land in southeast of Dzhezkazgan, Kazakhstan at 11:25 p.m. EST from his #YearInSpace. NASA Television coverage begins at 10:15 p.m., with deorbit burn at 10:32 p.m. Tune in to watch as he returns to Earth: http://go.nasa.gov/1XZruCv
NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly has undocked from the International Space Station and is set to land aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft at 11:25 p.m. EST, concluding the #YearInSpace mission. So, what's it like to land aboard a Soyuz? Watch astronaut Kjell Lindgren explain the experience from his December 2015 landing.  Watch Kelly's landing live starting at 10:15 p.m. EST: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
Watch live starting at 7:45 p.m. EST as astronaut Scott Kelly departs the International Space Station after a #YearInSpace. The #Soyuz spacecraft is scheduled to undock around 8:05 p.m. EST.   See full schedule and viewing details: http://go.nasa.gov/1TQ1tFn Watch live at: http://go.nasa.gov/1TQ1tFt
Astronaut Scott Kelly returns to Earth at 11:25 p.m. EST tonight from his #YearInSpace! Here are ten things to know about his mission: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140295028974/what-you-should-know-about-scott-kellys
NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly returns to Earth at 11:25 p.m. EST today after a #YearInSpace mission. Be amazed! See the best images from his time aboard the International Space Station: https://flic.kr/s/aHskjKnpo1
Watch live as astronaut Scott Kelly returns home from his #YearInSpace mission today. Live coverage streaming online starts with farewell and hatch closure at 4:15 p.m. EST.   See full schedule & viewing details: http://go.nasa.gov/1T6vj9D Watch live at: http://go.nasa.gov/1T6viCR
During his #YearInSpace, NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly shared his journey with the world on social media. In honor of his return today, we look back at some of his best posts from the last year: http://go.nasa.gov/1T6l8SJ
NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly returns home from his #YearInSpace mission aboard the International Space Station today! Here are some crazy facts about his time on orbit: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140276312559/crazy-facts-about-the-yearinspace
Astronaut Scott Kelly returns today from his #YearInSpace mission aboard the International Space Station. What would you be most excited for when you returned home?
What's up for March? Find out what you can see in the sky this month: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140235203454/whats-up-for-march-2016


NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly returns to Earth tomorrow after a #YearInSpace. Watch live today as he passes over command of the International Space Station to astronaut Tim Kopra at 3:10 p.m. EST today: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv  Get complete NASA TV coverage of Scott's return: http://go.nasa.gov/1LMbgWp
We've awarded a contract for the preliminary design of a "low boom" flight demonstration aircraft. This is the first in a series of X-planes introduced in our Fiscal Year 2017 budget proposal. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1UuzAmR
Happy #LeapDay! Do you know why Feb. 29 only comes around every 4 years? Find out: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/140213092979/leap-daywhy-does-it-exist
Thanks for joining us as we talked about the Red Planet during the #Oscars since #TheMartian was up for awards. We're working on a real #JourneyToMars. Find out about it here: http://go.nasa.gov/1TJv9E6
#TheMartian is up for awards at the #Oscars, and is set in the future. Here's what innovations in the future might look like: http://go.nasa.gov/1Qmq1Vi
Best supporting planet goes to…Mars! Explore our #JourneyToMars taking humans there: http://go.nasa.gov/1QmoFd3 #Oscars
It's #Oscars night! Our #JourneyToMars will take humans to the Red Planet like #TheMartian: http://go.nasa.gov/1WRQbja
You might be watching the #Oscars, but our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is watching the Red Planet: http://go.nasa.gov/1WRPN4k
It's #Oscars night! In #TheMartian, our rover becomes a lifeline. See all our robotic explorers: http://go.nasa.gov/1Qmm5nF
It's #Oscars night! Billions of years ago, Mars was a very different world than what we see today or in #TheMartian: http://go.nasa.gov/1WRPial
It's #Oscars night! How did Mars become the cold, arid planet it is today? Our MAVEN mission found out: http://go.nasa.gov/1WROy55
It's #Oscars night! Mars was source material for #TheMartian novel & screenplay. Get to know the Red Planet: http://go.nasa.gov/1QmhbXz
It's #Oscars night! As #TheMartian is up for awards, we're taking a look at Mars. Explore the Red Planet: http://go.nasa.gov/1WRNSg1
It's #Oscar night! Watch #TheMartian director Ridley Scott talk about how we'll unlock the secrets of the Red Planet on our #JourneyToMars: https://youtu.be/nTAhl1Ud5QY
It's #Oscars night! #StarWars is up for awards. There are NASA 'TIE'-ins, Tatooine & Droids: http://go.nasa.gov/1QmarsP
It's #Oscars Day! Matt Damon travels to Mars in #TheMartian movie. Watch him talk about our real #JourneyToMars: https://youtu.be/jTbVCgAsmks
It's #Oscars Day! Did you know that #TheMartian movie highlights real NASA technologies from our #JourneyToMars? Find out more: http://go.nasa.gov/21BMO3a
After a #YearInSpace, NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly returns to Earth from the International Space Station on Tuesday. Watch live NASA TV coverage and see all the milstones: http://go.nasa.gov/1LMbjlb
In a harsh environment with very little water and intense ultraviolet radiation, most life in the extreme Atacama Desert in Chile exists as microbial colonies underground or inside rocks. Our researchers hypothesize that the same may be true if life exists on Mars. So, we're testing a life-detection drill in Earth's driest place. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1pfM7ig
Eclipse Season: Due to the geometry of our Solar Dynamic Observatory's orbit, there are periods when the spacecraft's view of the sun is blocked by the Earth and sometimes the moon. Starting this earlier this week and for the next few weeks, the Earth will continue to get in the way once a day. Such is life in space 22,000 miles above Earth. More: http://go.nasa.gov/1pfIfxF
Join International Space Station scientists and medical doctors for a Reddit AMA about astronaut Scott Kelly's #YearInSpace mission. Ask them anything on March 4 at 11 p.m. EST: http://nasa.tumblr.com/post/139928387864/yearinspace-reddit-ama
What will the crew's control system look like on the Orion spacecraft for our first human #JourneyToMars? We're currently testing and developing displays and controls to ensure human deep space missions are a success. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1VK8oz4
The historic #YearInSpace aboard the International Space Station has been a mission of numbers. Twice the duration of a typical mission, Scott Kelly and Mikhail Kornienko's station-record 340 days in space afforded researchers a rare opportunity to study the medical, physiological, and psychological and performance challenges astronauts face during long-duration spaceflight.  Watch 'This Week @NASA' for the latest. https://youtu.be/NPj5VkWJXvM


Sparkling at the center of this beautiful image is a star located about 30,000 light-years away. The distinctive blue bubble appearing to encircle the star is a nebula — an interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen, helium and other gases. The bubble — estimated to have formed around 20,000 years ago — is expanding at a rate of around 220,000 kilometers (136,700 miles) per hour! Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1QLO8Pj
Today's The New York Times featured Instagram photos from NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly's #YearInSpace mission. See all of his amazing pics: https://www.instagram.com/StationCDRKelly  Scott is schedule to return to Earth on Tuesday, March 1. For more information, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/content/one-year-crew
El Niño, a natural weather phenomenon, caused shifts in rain patterns across the globe this winter. Satellite data shows various changes in the United States with wetter, wintery conditions in parts of California and across the East Coast. Take a look: http://go.nasa.gov/1QLqRgq
Our Interstellar Boundary Explorer, or IBEX, spotted a curiosity in a thin slice of space: More particles stream in through a long, skinny swath in the sky than anywhere else. Scientists now have a theory about why. Find out: http://go.nasa.gov/1QLdnRU
Cue the confetti! After almost 12 months living and working aboard the International Space Station, NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly will return from his #YearInSpace mission on Tuesday. Watch our weekly update on what's else is happening aboard the space station. Got a question or comment? Use #SpaceToGround. https://youtu.be/tikG7eHPXq0
Hard at work, our Mars Opportunity rover examines rocks in some of the most challenging terrain of its 12 years on the Red Planet. Researchers are using the rover to examine rocks that may have been chemically altered by water billions of years ago. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1QhXXit
You've never seen Pluto like this before! New enhanced color image shows ethereal scene with frozen canyons. Located in the north polar region, these canyons show researchers yet another story of the dwarf planet's diversity of geological and compositional features. Some of the canyons also appear to represent evidence for an ancient period of tectonics. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1QhGWVu
Our cooperative field study in East Asia advances the ability to monitor air pollution accurately from space. The study will assess air quality across urban, rural and coastal areas in East Asia using the combined observations of aircraft, ground sites, ships and satellites. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24q425S
After spending a #YearInSpace, astronaut Scott Kelly and cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko  return to Earth on March 1. NASA Television coverage will begin at 3:10 p.m. EST on Feb. 29, when command of the International Space Station is handed over to astronaut Tim Kopra. Complete coverage details: http://go.nasa.gov/24pNxab
Gravitational waves, predicted by Einstein and recently detected, are ripples in space-time produced by accelerating bodies such as interacting supermassive black holes. New study shows that low-frequency gravitational waves could soon be detectable by existing radio telescopes. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/24pFKZH
Have you ever used a GPS to help you get somewhere? You might be surprised to know that data from our Earth-observing satellites and ground-based instruments provide the hidden framework relied upon by GPS. Details: http://go.nasa.gov/1mXWGoq
Delhi, the capital territory of India, is home to unbreathable air and undrinkable water. Browse through a series of heartbreaking photos and get a glimpse of life in the world's most polluted city.
At first glance, these look like ordinary dollhouses, but each is a carefully crafted crime scene—right down to the tiny murder weapon. Take a look.
Why do scorpions glow in the dark? Scientists are unsure, but it's certainly a marvelous sight.
A superbug resistant to colistin—a last-ditch antibiotic—has been reported in seagulls on two continents. Here's what you should know.
National parks have preserved natural and cultural sites for more than 100 years. Browse through historic photos and find out how you can help protect our parks.
Ancient Egyptians mummified cats to appease the gods—and now archaeologists can see past the wrappings without unraveling the mummy.
Like paleontologists describing a fossil, astronomers have teased out the backstory of the first directly detected gravitational waves.
We are LIVE from El Eden Ecological Reserve in Mexico, where we are setting up camera traps to capture footage of jaguars and crocodiles in the wild. Post your questions for Dr. Marco Lazcano, General Director of the reserve, in the comments below!
How do mother bears protect their cubs from males looking to mate? A new study says that some are seeking refuge near humans.
There are 5.25 trillion pieces of plastic debris in the ocean—and it kills one million animals every year. Help make a difference.
Beneath a full moon in Krabi, Thailand, bioluminescent phytoplankton surround swimmers in circles of brilliant blue light.
Our video of the day: Believe it or not, just six mating positions were known among nearly 7,000 species of frogs and toads—until now.
See how falcons are helping farmers keep pesky birds—like starlings and pigeons—away from their crops.
Humans aren't the only ones displaced by wildfires. See how animals—like this emu—are affected.
On the night of the summer solstice, the full moon hangs like a plump berry over Glastonbury Tor—a popular venue for solstice celebrations.
Celebrate #NationalSelfieDay with some of our favorite animal "selfies." http://on.natgeo.com/28LQ0DJ
A jaguar—exhibited during an Olympic torch ceremony in Brazil—was shot when it escaped handlers and reportedly approached a soldier, despite being tranquilized.
NASA wants you to dream big—and help make their vision a reality.
About 10,000 dogs are likely to be slaughtered over the course of an annual Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China.
Stark photographs captured at the Earth's poles raise the question: How long will this beauty exist? #NatGeoProof
Snowy, the lone cub of beloved Grizzly 399, was killed in Grand Teton National Park. At the scene of the crime, 399 refused to leave her cub's side and has since been moving erratically.
This young tiger shark still has the distinct stripes that give the species its name. Over time, however, the markings will fade.
Our editor's video of the day: These unhatched tadpoles look like easy prey—but watch what happens when a snake tries to make a meal of them.
A young giraffe snoozes with its head on its backside. Enjoy more photos of the world's tallest mammal on World Giraffe Day.
Sky-watchers: This week you can get a glimpse of a Martian dust storm and tiny, frozen Pluto. Here's how to spot them.
It turns out oceanic manta rays travel much less than previously believed—with major implications for the species' conservation.
Armenia has often been associated with conflict, but today the country is safe with a burgeoning tourist infrastructure. Discover more atypical travel destinations.
Scientists are concerned that the release of #FindingDory will lead to a demand for blue tangs as pets. Here's why that's a huge problem. http://on.natgeo.com/28JMLkz
More than 65 million people are displaced—and more than half of them are children. #WorldRefugeeDay
More than 65 million people are displaced—and more than half of them are children. #WorldRefugeeDay
Today is the summer or winter solstice—depending on which hemisphere you live in—as well as a full moon. The Night Sky Guy Andrew Fazekas is here LIVE to explain what all this means and offer tips on viewing the night sky. Post your questions below.
Scientists are celebrating the comeback of a large, endangered spider, but the majority of people in an online poll describe the news as "terrifying."
We are LIVE with Nat Geo wildlife reporter Rachael Bale, talking about how the release of #FindingDory could cause a spike in demand for the regal blue tang. Post your questions in the comments below, and read more here: http://on.natgeo.com/28JsCqL
Watch: The chameleon unfurls its tongue faster than a jet plane, and uses a thick, honey-like adhesive to snag its prey.
Look up at the moon tonight, June 20, and witness the first full moon to coincide with the June solstice since 1948.
A retro motel in Rialto, California, awash in the soft glow of twilight, beckons road-weary travelers.
Our video of the day: "I don't think Eden could have touched Glen Canyon," reminisces 90-year-old Katie Lee of her experience running through the enchanting canyon—in protest of the dam later built on it—in the 1950s. #ShortFilmShowcase
Did you know that more sunlight doesn't always result in more heat? As the summer solstice hits the northern hemisphere Monday, discover four things you didn't know about summer's beginning.
New Zealand's southernmost point faces a constant barrage of fierce, cold winds—leading many of the trees to look like this. Get your dose of outstanding travel photos.
Horses and humans have an ancient relationship that is still relevant in many cultures—often linked to heroic exploits in war. Peruse through photos of the noble animal taken by our #YourShot community.
Go behind the scenes of modern warfare and meet the military scientists creating everything from leech repellent to battlefield clothing.
Who will win the epic fight between a bee and a jumping spider?
"I want to make sure that 50 years from now, my great-grandkids are able to walk this same path and experience the same beauty," said President Barack Obama on a recent trip to Yosemite National Park. Read the exclusive interview: http://on.natgeo.com/1UIJvkZ
The first Father's Day, more than a hundred years ago, was decidedly humbler and refreshingly noncommercial.
We asked 20 outdoor luminaries—including trail runners, CEOs, and beloved authors—about the trails they dream about. From the majestic Tour de Mont Blanc to the Caribou Tracks of Alaska, here are their picks for the world's best hikes.
A family stops by their neighbor's pond in Saint Joe, Arkansas, for a game of fetch with their dog Xena.
Watch: While on an expedition in the Seychelles, Pristine Seas explorer Paul Rose stumbles upon—and is (slowly) chased by—a pair of mating giant tortoises.
Spanning 100 years and eleven countries, these photos show the tenderness and love between fathers and their children.
Did you know: Each of the 2,000 species of firefly has a unique blinking pattern. (Photo by Your Shot member Mitsunori Yuasa)
Witness a remarkable encounter between a predatory cheetah and a young, terrified impala—caught on video by safari-goers in Kenya's Masai Mara.
A Tuareg family naps in the shade, avoiding the heat of the day near Timbuktu, Mali, in this image from National Geographic's archive. As the days get hotter, take a look at how people (and other mammals) stay cool in the blazing heat.
The Snake River Basin holds some of the world's last pristine salmon habitats—but dams threaten their existence.
During a visit to Yosemite National Park this weekend, President Barack Obama urged Americans to embrace the national parks--and help protect them from climate change. Read the exclusive interview here.
The oceans are home to giants: blue whales and great white sharks; giant squids and giant clams; elephant seals and Japanese spider crabs. Which is the biggest?
We are LIVE in Yosemite National Park with National Geographic Photographer David Guttenfelder who is covering the President's trip to the park.
We are LIVE in Yosemite National Park with National Geographic Photographer @David Guttenfelder who is covering the President's trip to the park.
Your weird animal question of the week: What color would a chameleon in a room full of mirrors be?  Have a question for our animal experts? Post it below—and check back next Saturday to see if it's been answered.
See footage of a rare, swift octopus attack on an unsuspecting crab—one so aggressive it surprised even marine biologists.
From hippos to porcupines, discover the strangest mating rituals in the animal kingdom.
Once a Maya city, Izamal, Mexico, boasts one immediately noticeable characteristic: All its structures are painted a sunny yellow.
Our editor's video of the day: In a remote corner of Indonesia, the bodies of loved ones are cared for as if they were alive—sometimes for years—until the funeral.
The ocean dweller that left this footprint lived roughly 565 million years ago and was—as far as we know—the first creature to use its own muscles to move.
NASA's Mars rover Curiosity stopped for a selfie after drilling for soil samples. See more of our favorite photos snapped in space.
Despite a global shift against the ivory trade, the European Union remains the largest exporter of legal ivory—which contributes to the slaughter of 30,000 African elephants a year.
2016 marks the centennial of America's national parks. To celebrate, this weekend National Geographic, Facebook and its Oculus team, and Félix & Paul Studios, will shoot The White House's first 360 virtual reality video experience and capture President Obama visiting Yosemite National Park. (Photograph by David Guttenfelder, on assignment for National Geographic)



These stately adornments, part of the distinctive headgear worn by Hessian fusiliers, were recovered in 1915 during the dredging of the Delaware River. Discover more iconic artifacts.
Andrew Fazekas The Night Sky Guy is here now to answer your questions about the night sky and the electric blue clouds. Read the full story here: http://on.natgeo.com/1sK63vq
Beachgoers stake out their territory in Ocean City, Maryland, in this aerial image captured in 1975. Cool off with more photos from our archives depicting sunbathing around the globe.
This tortoise is winning hearts as she races around on a set of wheels that replaced a leg lost in a mongoose attack.
The mudskipper is a fish, but it spends most of its time out of the water. How does it breathe? http://on.natgeo.com/1Yxiczw
We are LIVE with National Geographic Explorers and award-winning filmmakers Dereck and Beverly Joubert, who have been filming and researching African wildlife since the 1980s. Post your questions for them in the comments below! #LetsExplore
A fruit bat rests in Melbourne, Australia, with its wings wrapped around its body for warmth. Fruit bats play an important environmental role in fruit seed dispersal and pollination.
Our video of the day: See how technology is bringing us closer to answering questions we once thought unanswerable. #LetsExplore
While Japan, Norway, and Iceland get most of the heat for whaling, South Korean fishermen are taking advantage of a loophole that allows them to legally sell whale meat. Here's how it works.
Watch: Defenseless and exposed, unhatched tadpoles are an easy meal for a snake—but sometimes they can save themselves.
While on an expedition in the Okavango Delta, National Geographic explorer Steve Boyes and his team had a close encounter with a hippo. http://on.natgeo.com/1WPEi14 #LetsExplore
Following recent incidents with a zoo gorilla and wild alligator, experts weigh in on how kids should approach and think about animals.
Peruse through some of the nostalgia-inducing posters that NASA hopes will inspire a future of scientists, engineers, and astronauts.
Once Juno goes into orbit on July 4, the spacecraft will unlock some of Jupiter's mysteries—and send back amazing close-up images.
See striking footage of a female cottontail as she attempts to disembowel a snake preying on her young. #TBT
The Star Trek franchise has boldly gone where no science fiction has gone before—all while remaining scientifically plausible.
Situated in the Japanese Alps about an hour from Nagano, Hakuba is a favorite destination for skiers around the world.
Our video of the day: "There's nothing like being the first human being to look into the eyes of a skull," says paleoanthropologist Lee Berger, the 2016 National Geographic Explorer of the Year. #LetsExplore
Many animals steal food, but this is the first time adult butterflies have been observed swiping from ants.
Many animals steal food, but this is the first time adult butterflies have been observed swiping from ants.
Paleoanthropologist Meave Leakey is among the explorers recognized this week, for her pioneering work on human origins. Meet more of this year's winners. #LetsExplore
An outburst of noctilucent, or night-shining, clouds signals the start of viewing season for these high-flying tendrils formed by space dust.
Kyrgyzstan's president is taking bold steps to protect snow leopards in Central Asia, where the cats have long been seen as sacred.
Did you know that koalas aren't actually bears? Learn more: http://on.natgeo.com/1WO3YuY
We are LIVE with science writer Michael Greshko discussing gravitational waves and what this new discovery means for the future of astronomy. Read the full article here: http://on.natgeo.com/1VZXQP8
Update: The body of a two-year-old dragged away by an alligator in Florida has been recovered. After seven years without a fatal gator attack, this is the second in the state since last October.
A new study found "bright spots" where corals are thriving, despite global bleaching. Here's why.
Scientists have directly observed gravitational waves, ripples in the fabric of spacetime, for the second time—confirming the start of a new era of astronomy.
Eight captive dolphins are moving to an ocean refuge—the first of its kind in North America. Conservationists hope the decision could pave the way for others.

A two-year-old boy is still missing after being attacked and dragged away by an alligator at Walt Disney World in Florida Tuesday night.
The sun's rays illuminate Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park's most recognizable land features: the towering buttes that jut from the park's desert floor.
Our video of the day: Explore the Okavango Delta—and see why it so desperately needs protecting. #LetsExplore
On an evening in the not-too-distant future, the night sky may be filled with man-made shooting stars. Here's how it would work.
Mystery cults, shrouded in secrecy, promised the ancient Greeks guidance in the afterlife. See how their ideas helped shape the way we think about death today.
Humans can spend up to 47 percent of waking hours zoned out—but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Consider the situation: Criminals are using military-style weapons, cities are becoming unsafe, and scores of citizens are calling for action. But it isn't 2016—it's 1934.
Astronaut Scott Parazynski has flown five missions in space and climbed Mount Everest. Now he's just wrapped up a mission to the S.S. Andrea Doria—which divers call the "Mount Everest of Shipwrecks."
Watch: The Bombay night frog has a unique mating behavior—and it's been captured on camera for the first time.
The Bramble Cay melomys has disappeared from its island in the Great Barrier Reef, which has lost a significant amount of habitable land to rising seas.
As climate change warms the oceans and melts sea ice, the Arctic becomes darker and absorbs more heat, causing further warming—a cycle called Arctic amplification.
In the spirit of Flag Day, take a look at the stories behind flags from around the world.
We are LIVE with Nat Geo Explorer and paleoanthropologist Lee Berger, who discovered a new species of human ancestor—Homo naledi—deep in a South African cave.   Tune in as Jamie Shreeve, our Executive Editor for Science at National Geographic Magazine asks Berger about the discovery, and post your own questions in the comments below! Read the story here: http://on.natgeo.com/1VXeDCx #LetsExplore
"These animals move through the shallow waters of the delta easily, leaving behind water channels which, seen from the air, form a large mosaic of green mazes," writes #YourShot member Gaston Piccinetti.
"I want to show to the world what the ocean was like hundreds of years ago, and why we have to preserve it," says National Geographic explorer Enric Sala. #LetsExplore
Sky-watchers: This week Mercury will be visible early in the morning, and the nearly full moon will pay a visit to Saturn. Here's how to watch.
Look familiar? Hubert Airy's 1870 diagram of his migraine aura is recognizable to many who suffer from migraines today.
Armenia has often been associated with conflict, but today the country is safe with a burgeoning tourist infrastructure. Discover more atypical travel destinations.
By using lasers, an extraterrestrial civilization could alter a planet's orbital signal to capture the attention of off-world astronomers. Here's how it would work.
Explore the ever-changing landscape of Bryce Canyon National Park on an incredible 360° tour.
Watch: Uniquely adapted to their brutal surroundings, the mangroves of Qeshm Island provide food and shelter for a fascinating variety of wildlife.
It's Explorers Week at National Geographic and we're bringing together some of the most innovative scientists and explorers in the world. Learn more: http://on.natgeo.com/1VVjV1a #LetsExplore
Just like humans, clans of sperm whales have their own dialects and cultures.
The Orlando attack is the latest, and deadliest, in a long history of attacks against LGBT people around the world.
The icy surface of Russia's Lake Baikal cracks around the rocky outcropping of Elenka Island.
Since 1888, the National Geographic Society has brought to light such wonders as the ruins of Machu Picchu, mysterious ocean phenomena, and previously unknown human ancestors. #LetsExplore
New research reveals an overlooked aspect in the fight against pirate fishing.
In cities around the world, people have set up memorials and gathered for vigils to honor the victims of the Orlando attack, which was the largest mass shooting in U.S. history.
Millipedes are coated in toxins—but that doesn't stop the meerkat from making a meal of the protein-packed arthropod. http://on.natgeo.com/1UuC4hp
Poachers kill an estimated 96 African elephants every day—but emerging technology may help wildlife officials beat back traffickers.
The apocalyptic tale of the dinosaurs has been imagined countless times—and now researchers are closer than ever to understanding what happened.
When jihadists overran Timbuktu—once a center of learning and culture—librarians spirited priceless manuscripts out of the city in a thrilling, cloak-and-dagger operation.
Watch mesmerizing footage of lava as it flows from Hawaii's Kilauea volcano, consuming everything in its path.
Millions of spiders have dropped from the sky in Tasmania, blanketing the town in a white, snow-like coat of webs. How—and why—did it happen?
This shot of a seven-gill shark may look like it's from a mystical world, but it was taken in kelp forests not far from Cape Town.
WATCH: Amazing closeup footage reveals the unique and colorful mating dance of six newly discovered peacock spiders.
The symbols and numbers of an aeronautical chart depict the skies as an entirely different world than the land below. Learn how to read the cryptic maps.
Watch: A Harris antelope squirrel protects her playful young from a long-nosed snake. #NatGeoParks
By using volcanic formations, Iceland may have found a way to trap carbon emissions. Can the process slow climate change?
Go on the job with marine conservationists as they explore the Galápagos, where sharks, turtles, and mola mola abound. http://on.natgeo.com/1Yitd7Q
Where is South America's most biodiverse ecosystem? The answer may surprise you.
"It's not if, it's when, in terms of somebody being fatally attacked," says a biologist who tracks great whites in the waters around Cape Cod.
Your weird animal question of the week: What is a Portuguese man-of-war exactly?   Have a question for our animal experts? Post it below—and check back next Saturday to see if it's been answered.
Watch a legendary climber conquer one of the most iconic high lines in Yosemite National Park. http://on.natgeo.com/1YhFHwo
Newly discovered blood-red worms are thriving in Sulfur Cave, which contains levels of toxic gases lethal to humans. Take a look.
A fern growing above casts rolling shadows on this droplet of rainwater.
Watch: Hafsat Abiola's parents died at the hands of Nigeria's military dictatorship. Today, she continues their fight for democracy. #ShortFilmShowcase
It might sound silly on the surface, but urination is a serious business in the medical and veterinary worlds.
NASA's Terra satellite snapped this image of Mount Ruapehu, one of the most active volcanoes in New Zealand. Peruse through more of the week's most awe-inspiring space pictures.
Soil absorbs and stores carbon from the atmosphere. Can it help mitigate climate change?
Saplings need all the help they can get to grow—and not just from the soil and water nearby.
Facing charges of illegal possession of endangered wildlife and trafficking, Thailand's Tiger Temple accuses the wildlife department of bullying.
We are LIVE at the National Geographic Museum walking you through the latest exhibit, The Greeks. Journey with archaeology writer, Kristin Romey, through 5,000 years of Greek culture. Post your questions in the comments below and read the full story here: http://on.natgeo.com/1thT57S
Friday Fact: In Morocco, goats climb branches as high as 30 feet (9 meters) to eat the argan tree's berries.   (Photo by Your Shot member Anastasia Shikina)
A new sky atlas reveals the worsening state of light pollution—and its numerous consequences.
Being surrounded by nature has been proven to improve cognitive function, aid sleep, and increase attention span.
Some 1,500 fish species are bioluminescent—but they didn't all start out that way. Find out how they evolved their glow.
Limited light and wispy clouds gives California's coastline a "painterly feel," says #YourShot member Lucas Barbieri.
Watch: Fishermen are using dynamite to bomb their catch out of the water—and it's destroying the environment.
Tucked away in the Puerto Rican jungle, the world's largest single-dish radio telescope has scanned the skies for more than a half-century. But it may not be around for much longer.
Palm oil has long been criticized for its alleged destructive impact on the environment—and now the industry is accused of exploitative labor conditions.
Take a look at the regal artifacts recovered from a 17th century shipwreck and read the full story here: http://on.natgeo.com/1UjRXuT
These mallard ducklings still have the yellow blush of youth. Celebrate Donald Duck's 1934 debut with some of our favorite photos of ducks. #PhotoArk
A landmark study sheds new light on the damage caused by "blast shock"—the signature injury of wars for more than a century.
As Arctic sea ice extent hits a record May low, a new study shows how melting changes Greenland's weather, with far-reaching consequences.
After escaping from a zoo in Canada, two capybaras—now nicknamed Bonnie and Clyde—have eluded capture for more than three weeks.
Explore a 360° view of a necropolis near Senek Village, Kazakhstan, captured by photographer John Stanmeyer while on assignment for National Geographic.
Using high-resolution satellite imagery and aerial drone photography, a massive new monument has been located in Petra—a World Heritage site. We are here LIVE with in-house expert Kristin Romey, who broke the story. Ask your questions for her in the comments below, and read the story here: http://on.natgeo.com/28ntPxN
Thinking it was still in its shell after hatching, this dime-size reptile stayed curled in a ball, its tail tucked over its shoulder—giving us a rare peek into a developing chameleon's world. #TBT
This man-made Icelandic lagoon, which remains a constant temperature, is said to improve skin conditions.
Our video of the day: Only two years after the Elwha River was freed of dams, salmon have returned and wildlife is thriving.
Satellites and drones helped reveal a huge ceremonial platform that's been hiding in plain sight near the ancient city's center.
Debate over the origins of the "hobbit" has raged for a decade, but a recently discovered scattering of teeth and bone may unlock the mystery.
The glass squid employs a clever trick to turn an evolutionary imperfection into an asset. #WorldOceansDay
South Africa's moratorium on the domestic trade in rhino horn is back in place—for the time being.
A man's death after traveling more than 225 yards (206 meters) off trail is the latest in a string of accidents as visitors push park boundaries.
Major flooding in Tasmania has forced spiders to evacuate—by using silken threads as hot-air balloons.
Footage of a captive killer whale appearing to beach herself has viewers speculating that the animal's actions were "suicidal." Here's what the experts say.
Would you swim with tiger sharks? Photographer Brian Skerry is trying to show that—despite their reputation—the animals are friendly and curious. #WorldOceansDay
Celebrate World Oceans Day with these stunning photos and share your own on Instagram with #NatGeoOceansDay. Your photo could be featured here today!
The greenery in the crater valley of this Maui shield volcano was caused by an unusual amount of rainfall during spring and summer months.
Watch: Off the coast of Chile, an underwater camera caught the attention of voyeuristic sharks—who had interrupted a pair of mating crabs. #WorldOceansDay
It takes patience, enthusiasm, and passion to make images underwater, but it's worth the effort: The world below the surface is a captivating and magical place. See breathtaking pictures of the seas. #WorldOceansDay
The numbers add up to trouble for the oceans, wildlife, and us, but scientists are struggling to understand how. #WorldOceansDay
Communities in Central Asia's Pamir Mountains traditionally used environmental markers—like the first appearance of a migratory bird—to track time.
When summer comes and sea ice melts, polar bears move to shore in search of food. So what do they eat? http://on.natgeo.com/1Uo7MN8
An Australian photographer captured this rarely seen moment: a fish trapped inside a jellyfish.
"Despite fears associated with stingrays, these animals … are curious and unaggressive in their interactions with humans," writes photographer Brian Skerry.  Celebrate World Oceans Day tomorrow, June 8, by sharing your photos on Instagram using #NatGeoOceansDay.
Would you rather have your cremated remains grown into a tree or pressed into a vinyl record? Discover some of the creative ways people are keeping the memory of loved ones alive.
The American obsession with presidential hair stretches all the way back to George Washington, who gifted locks to his admirers.
Spider lovers, rejoice: Seven new species of peacock spiders have been found. Watch closeup footage of their colorful mating dance.
A bride walks across the plains of Campo de Criptana, Spain, where author Miguel de Cervantes penned his novel "Don Quixote."
Our video of the day: Now you can do your part to fight the invasive lion fish—by ordering a delectable dish from a dinner menu.
Sparrows may not be native to North America, but they're certainly thriving. http://on.natgeo.com/1UnfFSV
Sky-watchers: This week you'll be able to see clouds swirling across Jupiter, and the bright star Regulus, the heart of the constellation Leo. Find out how.
The world owes an enormous debt to a quiet, steady Russian naval officer who likely saved your life—and everyone else's, even those who weren't yet born—many years ago. Here's his story.
On average there are 50 to 100 shark attacks yearly. What are the chances you'll encounter the predator? http://on.natgeo.com/1UayNrw
In 1800, German naturalist Alexander von Humboldt witnessed eels leaping out of the water to attack, a story most scientists dismissed—until now.
Black mambas vie for dominance during mating season in South Africa. Watch the rarely observed display of power.
Yoina, a member of the Matsigenka tribe that lives deep inside Peru's Manú National Park, swims in the Yomibato River with her pet saddleback tamarin. Read the full story: http://on.natgeo.com/1UjIG20
A group of buffalo find a cool drink under the starry night sky in South Africa's Zimanga Private Game Reserve.
Our video of the day: How do you give a wild animal a shot? Very carefully.
Two whale sharks were rescued and released after being held illegally off the coast of Indonesia. Learn more about wildlife crimes—and busts—from the past week.
Due to rising seas, this island is disappearing—and with it, a way of life. http://on.natgeo.com/1UlIi2Q
When the Nazis captured a heavy water facility in Norway, the chemist who helped design the plant took action. Read the story of a daring sabotage mission.
Your weird animal question of the week: Why do insects sting us in the first place?  Have a question for our animal experts? Post it below—and check back next Saturday to see if it's been answered.
Clouds hang low over Reine, a fishing village in Norway's Lofoten Islands. Get your dose of outstanding travel photos.
Watch as champion free diver Guillaume Néry launches into the darkness of Dean's Blue Hole—an inland flood cave in the Bahamas and the deepest blue hole on the planet.
Watch the northern lights illuminate the sky in this stunning time-lapse.
Prairie dogs are cute, but don't be fooled—they're guilty of everything from kidnapping to murder. Meet more cannibals of the animal kingdom.
Decrepit architecture, a hazy sky, and timeless artifacts make up this daily scene in Havana, Cuba.
Watch: Lava flows from Hawaii's Kilauea volcano, one of the most active on Earth.
Rising ecotourism star Sri Lanka offers the perks of a trip to Africa and Asia all rolled into one. See more destinations that are committed to protecting natural and cultural heritage.
Tucked away in the Puerto Rican rainforest, the world's largest single-dish radio telescope has scanned the skies for more than a half-century. But it may not be around for much longer.
Why is Costa Rica the happiest country on Earth? There's more to it than beaches and sunshine. http://on.natgeo.com/1UkAyye
Beyond the thrill of making it to the top, each of these summit hikes offers a deeper connection to the surrounding landscape and culture. #NationalTrailsDay
Don't be deceived by this cave's beauty—it's brimming with deadly gases, acidic slime, and unusual creatures.
The derailment of a train carrying crude oil through Oregon's Columbia River Gorge has officials concerned that a spill could reach area waterways.
How—and when—do hurricanes form? Find out: http://on.natgeo.com/1UkiZ1e
Smoke from a bonfire and delicate blossoms create contrast against the twisted branches of a cherry tree in Japan.
Our editor's video of the day: Dive into the unexplored waters of the Galápagos Islands.
In Chile's Patagonia region, a rancher steers a herd of cattle with the help of his dogs. Get your dose of outstanding travel photos.
Enormous stars are forming inside the constellation Vulpecula, or "Little Fox," 8,000 light-years away. Feed your need for heavenly views of the universe with this week's best space pictures.
Would you walk into a room with millions of bees? Watch an explorer try to overcome his fear. http://on.natgeo.com/1UjKbgG
Friday Fact: There are green birds, reptiles, fish, and insects—but no green mammals.   (Photo by Your Shot member Dominik Greenwood)
Following China, the U.S. is the second largest consumer of ivory, but new regulations are a step toward victory in the fight against wildlife trafficking.
Saturn will soon appear at its biggest and brightest in our evening skies for the year. The Night Sky Guy Andrew Fazekas is here LIVE to guide you through how to spot it. Post your questions below!
The horrific practice kills hundreds of fish and transforms thriving coral reefs into rubble.
Beneath Pluto's heart-shaped region, warm nitrogen ice is continually rising upward—and repaving the planet's surface. Take a close-up look.
A man looks up from a throng of revelers during Holi—a Hindu celebration of love and the arrival of spring.
Our video of the day: Get an inside look at the largest collection of ancient Greek treasures ever to visit North America.
In rural Central America and India, disease is spreading—and seems to be driven by heat stress and dehydration.
After years of alleged animal abuse, Thailand's infamous Tiger Temple is finally reaping the consequences. This week, 137 tigers are being removed from the monastery.
See how conservationists help a bear caught in an illegal snare.
William Gadoury is shrugging off scholarly criticism and planning an expedition to Mexico to find the city he calls K'aak Chi, or "Mouth of Fire."
These moths evolved to blend in with newly blackened trees when coal-fired stations covered countrysides with soot. Learn more about the icons of evolution.
Watch: Dozens of new peacock spiders have been identified in the past few years. Meet a few of our favorites.
Head into the field with photographer Joe Riis, who's documented some of the world's most epic animal migrations. http://on.natgeo.com/1RR2Ezg
Watch: Only two years after the Elwha River was freed of dams, salmon have returned and wildlife is thriving.
Vibrant colors fill the city of Hong Kong—from candy-colored high-rises such as these, to color coded taxis.
Watch: How well do you know your neighbors? There's a good chance one of them is a raccoon.
A tiny island sits in the middle of one of Sweden's nearly 100,000 lakes, which were left behind from the last ice age. Peruse through more of the best Photos of the Day from May.
This country uses geology and geography to its advantage, supplying electricity from 100 percent renewable resources.
The sun rises over a breathtaking valley on the border between South Africa and Lesotho. See more stunning scenes from around the world.
Highly drug-resistant bacteria are turning up in urinary tract infections. Why is the tide of resistance rising?
Deep below ground, strange carnivorous worms twinkle like the night sky to attract prey.
Pluto's bright, shiny heart is alive—geologically speaking, that is. See high resolution images of the planet's surface captured by the New Horizons spacecraft.
Beneath London, a trove of ancient Roman writing tablets were unearthed—including the first records of commercial activity in what is now the financial heart of the city.
The dispute surrounding seven chimps raises the question: How should research animals be treated when they're retired?
Seahorses use their elongated snouts to suck in their dinner—plankton and tiny crustaceans that drift by.
Our video of the day: Hananel David survived a stabbing, overcame his PTSD, and went on to pay forward the gift of life. Hear his inspiring story. #ShortFilmShowcase
To root out the sources of antibiotic resistance, researchers are looking in every possible reservoir—including not just animals, but also the dirt they are raised on.
Sky-watchers: This week, you can catch Saturn at its biggest and brightest for the year—and more. Find out how.
New measurements suggest that our galaxy is on the "slimmer" side—at a mere 700 billion times the mass of the sun.
Experts say Harambe—the gorilla shot and killed by Cincinnati Zoo officials on Saturday—wasn't acting with abnormal aggression when he dragged around a young child who fell into the animal's enclosure.
The white dolphin population in Hong Kong has declined by more than half over the past decade. http://on.natgeo.com/1O2wSER
As battery smelters in this historic Indonesian village spew toxic smoke, its residents complain of burning eyes, headaches, and dizziness—or worse.
A revolutionary law of physics explains it all—from technology to social hierarchy.
Bandra-Worli Sea Link, an eight-lane cable bridge, hugs the coastline in Mumbai, India.
In case you missed it: On first glance, you may see a chameleon walking along a branch—but take a closer look.
The now extinct megalodon shark would have had jaws more than six feet wide. See how you compare in size to the ocean's great predators.
"I wanted to highlight to the world how far women from Bangladesh have come," says Wasfia Nazreen, who's combined her passions for activism and climbing. http://on.natgeo.com/1TU4fda
You'll be surprised by how a simple shift in routine can widen your window for adventure. Here are a few tips to get started.
Many of us call dogs and cats our closest companions. When and how did animals start becoming pets?
The geometric symbols left on cave walls thousands of years ago were long dismissed by archaeologists as mere decorations, but an eye-opening new study suggests otherwise.
President Woodrow Wilson leads WWI soldiers through Washington, D.C. in a welcome home celebration in 1919. On Memorial Day, discover more archival images that honor U.S. soldiers.
The gorilla's death at the Cincinnati Zoo was one of several this week in zoos worldwide. See how safety lapses continue to affect animals and humans alike.
Years of neglect have taken an irreversible toll on the Church of the Nativity, but beneath a layer of plaster restorers found this mosaic angel in remarkably good condition.
Peruvian women in traditional costumes prepare to sing and dance during the battle of Chiaraje—a ritual to ensure fertility and abundance of the land.
Watch: In an effort to help protect Peru's Manú National Park from illegal logging, this photographer bought a section of rain forest—and accidentally ended up with a cocaine plantation.
Seventy years later, Nazi bunkers are still scattered along the coasts of Norway and France. For Memorial Day, peruse through photos of the haunting relics.
A new generation of Afghan women are standing up for rights long withheld. http://on.natgeo.com/1UnC3OL
Captive apes have largely been ignored, though their lives are every bit as interesting as their wild cousins. Meet Wattana, a captive orangutan with a story of her own.
On May 30, the red planet will get the closest it's been to Earth since 2005. Here's how to spot it.
Whether it's as ephemeral as a rainbow or as vibrant as a tree frog, color is everywhere. Enjoy photos that celebrate the world in a kaleidoscope of hues.
Traverse the jungles of Costa Rica with Roman and Peggy Dial as they retrace the steps of their son, Cody, who disappeared two years ago.
See how conservationists are saving laysan albatrosses before rising sea levels destroy their nesting grounds. http://on.natgeo.com/1UmtuDE
The lynx avoids humans and hunts at night, so it is rarely seen. Learn more about these fascinating, stealthy cats.
Pharaoh eagle owls—characterized by their bright yellow eyes—typically nest in rocky cliffs in arid habitats, much like this one.
Watch: Meet this year's class of Emerging Explorers: innovators and change makers with a commitment to understanding and protecting our planet.
Hippos may be native to Africa, but they're thriving in Colombia. http://on.natgeo.com/1TMP7jP
Tens of thousands of pigeons went missing during a long-distance race across the English channel. Five years later, one found its way home.
This Native American tribe's identity, food, and culture have slowly eroded as their land slips into the Gulf of Mexico. "It is like losing a family member," says chief Albert Naquin.
Your weird animal question of the week: What are common myths—and truths—about hyenas?  Post your questions for our animal experts below—and check back next Saturday to see if it's been answered.
The words "Russian salt mine" don't usually make you think of beauty—unless you've seen a sylvinite mine.
Spanning a region of unparalleled mountain scenery, Banff National Park is home to stunning views and an arsenal of activities. Discover the glacial lakes and lush forests of Canada.
Tornadoes have been recorded on every continent except Antarctica. How do they form? http://on.natgeo.com/1UkfUkq
Lightning strikes the famous sandstone monolith Uluru during a storm in Australia's Red Centre.
Watch: This man tried dozens of medications to counter the side effects of his chemotherapy treatment—until marijuana allowed him to discontinue them all.
Why have so many climbers lost their lives on Mount Everest this season?
Images from NASA observatories—like this one—offer the best look yet at how supermassive black holes formed. Peruse through more of the week's best space picures.
Whether it's a baby robin that's fallen out of a nest or an orphaned fawn, when should humans intervene?
Female circumcision used to be a rite-of-passage in the Maasai community. See how they've changed. http://on.natgeo.com/1UiYtk0
Friday Fact: New Zealand has more sheep than people.   (Photo by Your Shot member Nishant Shukla)
Are these temporary clean-power surges a mark of real change, and if so, how far can that go?
The next few days off are great opportunities to spot the International Space Station in the night sky. The Night Sky Guy Andrew Fazekas is here LIVE to offer tips on viewing the rare sight! Post your questions below.
Little is known about even the basic biology of the elusive sea creature—but if a startling new study is right, giant squid as long as 66 feet (20 meters) may dwell in the open ocean.
The ground beneath us is alive with everything from fungi to microscopic worms. Explore a newly released atlas that maps the earth's biodiversity.
The peaks of Dois Irmãos, or "the two brothers," loom in the distance as a woman and her child rinse off on a beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Watch: A near death experience inspired this man's quest to archive the genetics of the world's largest trees before they're gone. #ShortFilmShowcase
Step outside on a clear night over the next few days and you may spot the International Space Station gliding by. Find out when—and where—to look.   Head back to this page at 2pm ET today, May 27, as The Night Sky Guy shares tips for prime ISS viewing!
The exhibition contains more than 550 iconic objects spanning thousands of years. Get an exclusive look at some of the artifacts, many of which have never left Greece until now.
"There are many types of tree but the useful wood …  there is only one," says Balan. Learn the ancient craft of blowpipe making. http://on.natgeo.com/1TFf9Fx
"I want to know, what can he do to make sure what happened to me never happens to anyone else again?" says Keiko Ogura, who was eight when she survived the attack on Hiroshima.
Scientists say that its discovery in the U.S. "heralds the emergence of a truly pan-drug resistant bacteria."
This shiny reptile recently discovered in the Bahamas likely numbers only a thousand individuals.
As Zika continues to make headlines, another mosquito-borne disease is attracting the world's attention: yellow fever. Here's why.
Last year we watched in fascination as millions of spiders rained down on Australia, blanketing the Southern Tablelands region with snow-like webs. How—and why—did it happen? #TBT
A tiny island sits in the middle of one of Sweden's nearly 100,000 lakes, which were left behind from the last ice age.
In Manu National Park, previously uncontacted people are experiencing their first brushes with modernity. Hear about our photographer's experience documenting the remote rain forest.
The northern lights glitter over a snowy forest in this unique perspective captured in Finland. Enjoy more incredible images from around the world and share your own.
Ornately decorated elephants are paraded through the streets of southern India for religious ceremonies. But behind the pageantry, the animals endure horrific abuse.
Meerkats may be the icon of cooperation, but their societies are also marked by competition—and a few extra centimeters can make all the difference.
Fred the tortoise battled starvation and pneumonia after losing her shell in a bushfire. See how scientists stepped in.
What's it like to be a National Geographic photographer? Charlie Hamilton James is here taking your questions LIVE in front of the Grand Tetons in Wyoming.
"I feel like I almost get stronger above 8,000 meters. That's where I almost come into my own body," says Cory Richards. Hear from Richards and climbing partner Adrian Ballinger about the wrap-up of #EverestNoFilter—a two-month journey to climb Everest documented on Snapchat.
Discovered in the recesses of a cave in France, these elaborate stone structures suggest that our ancient relatives were far better builders than we assumed.
This Native American tribe's identity, food, and culture have slowly eroded as their land slips into the Gulf of Mexico. "It is like losing a family member," says chief Albert Naquin.
The sprawling island nation is home to more than 1,600 species of birds—as well as a booming illegal pet trade. A new study has identified 13 species that are at risk of extinction.
The white winter pelt of the stoat, or ermine, has been sought after for centuries—for both its warmth and beauty.
Our video of the day: Pancake, an orphaned cheetah cub, needed a companion. Watch what happens when she's introduced to Dayo the puppy.
Black mambas vie for dominance during mating season in South Africa. Watch the rarely observed display of power.
More than a million small-scale miners in the island nation are suffering from mercury poisoning—and it's leaving children with crippling birth defects.
Florida's newest invader has a fearsome reputation, but experts say there's no reason to worry about it—yet.
Did you know that mountain goats aren't actually goats? Learn more: http://on.natgeo.com/1TwckXp
Fewer than 10,000 cheetahs exist in the world—and their populations continue to decrease.   To support National Geographic Society's Big Cats Initiative, National Geographic has launched, for the first time ever, a collectible coin series. Learn more about the effort here: http://on.natgeo.com/1TvR2Js
The devastation caused by a viral infection of sea stars shows few signs of abating, but against the odds, hundreds of babies have spawned.
Europe's highest active volcano, Mount Etna, put on a colorful show Saturday when it erupted on the island of Sicily.
Whether it's a baby robin that's fallen out of a nest or a fawn left orphaned, when should humans intervene?
These colorful homes in Gujarat, India, were built by affluent 20th century traders and are treasured for their architectural and historical significance.
Watch: In 1979, Jadav Payeng began planting trees on an Indian island threatened by erosion. Today, it's a forest as big as Central Park.
Tribal rights activists are hailing Brazil's decision to create a sprawling reserve that would protect the highly vulnerable nomads living along one of the most volatile regions in the Amazon.
Sky-watchers: This week Mars and Jupiter will present prime viewing, while the bright star Arcturus hangs high in the north. Here's how to spot them.
In Hawaii, albatross nests on low-lying atolls are increasingly vulnerable to rising sea levels. See how scientists are relocating the birds before it's too late.
South Africa's ban on rhino horn trade has been invalidated. The decision opens a door to criminal activity that some say is necessary to save the species—and others say will doom it.
Shrikes skewer their prey on sharp objects, like thorns and cactus needles. Meet some of nature's "angriest" birds.
Elephants hold onto each others tails as they walk the fields of a sanctuary in South Africa. Get inspired by photos from around the world—and enter now to become National Geographic's Travel Photographer of the Year.
In the face of habitat destruction and global warming, turtles need more protection than ever. On World Turtle Day, discover a diverse array of the incredible reptiles.
A new study concluded with a dire prediction: If we continue burning fossil fuels, Earth will be 8 degrees warmer—returning to the climate of 52 million years ago.
After three consecutive years of major disasters, Mount Everest's commercial climbing culture has returned to "normal" with more than 400 recorded summits.
Tonle Sap lake in Cambodia supports a major freshwater ecosystem, which in turn supports the people who live in floating villages around it.
Watch: Roughly a third of the world's food is thrown out for aesthetic reasons—but these volunteers are trying to change that.
A photographer sent a video camera out into the wild using a remote-control car—and captured this adorable footage of a curious lion cub. http://on.natgeo.com/1TpwG4m
Hong Kong customs officers found a trove of products from threatened species, including ivory, hornbill beak, and agarwood. Read more about wildlife crimes from this past week.
Loarre Castle, built during the 11th and 12th centuries, sits nestled in the hills of Spain. Spark your imagination with photos of castles around the world.
Scientists attached collar cameras to polar bears in Alaska—and got a front-row seat to some fascinating eating behaviors. http://on.natgeo.com/1ToGQ5v
The big cat left a genetic trail—tufts of fur, scat, leftover kills—that would eventually confirm what no one believed possible.
Sharks range in size from the world's largest fish to the length of your palm. See how you compare to these fascinating creatures.
Capturing photos of big cats in the wild is no easy feat. See how the pros do it: http://on.natgeo.com/1OH5oiG
More than 50,000 cubic meters of concrete and 14,000 tons of steel were used to construct the Principe Felipe Science Museum in Spain.
Watch: Dated to around 14,550 years ago, these fossils place humans in the southeast U.S. 1,500 years earlier than previously thought.
In Serengeti National Park, a lone zebra trots through a field of flowers. Peruse through more stunning travel photos.
Your weird animal question of the week: Why do cats behave the way they do?  Have a question for our animal experts? Post it below—and check back next Saturday to see if it's been answered.
"Locals know to skip the Blue Lagoon and check out the swimming pools instead," writes one Reykjavik native. Here's how to tour the ultra-famous city like a local.
Turrialba, a volcano in central Costa Rica, is spewing smoke and ash—sending hundreds of people to the hospital with breathing difficulties.
Hundreds of wild ponies roam free on Assateague Island, though how they got there is uncertain. Explore islands ruled by animals.
A body found in Costa Rica probably belongs to Cody Roman Dial, who went missing during a trek through Central America two years ago.
On the steppes of of Central Asia, old practices of folk healing are making a revival. Though the practitioners are Muslim, the traditions are steeped in mysticism. #EdenWalk
We are live with starstruck columnist Andrew Fazekas The Night Sky Guy who's answering your questions about mars peak visibility this weekend. Join the conversation below!
We are live with starstruck columnist Andrew Fazekas The Night Sky Guy who's answering your questions about mars peak visibility this weekend. Join the conversation below!
We are live with starstruck columnist Andrew Fazekas The Night Sky Guy who's answering your questions about mars peak visibility this weekend. Join the conversation below!

Shaquille O' Neall at American Express Teamed Up talking about when it's time to take over in a championship situation. #NBAFinals #AmexNBA
Kris Dunn was a projected top pick last year; after staying to earn his degree, his prospects have risen even higher. #NBADraft



Top #NBADraft prospects come through Media & Portraits on the day before tomorrow's Draft presented by State Farm!
We're live with Dejounte Murray at NBA Draft media availability!
LeBron James delivers a Championship Parade to Cleveland!
We're LIVE with Marquese Chriss at #NBADraft media availability.
We're live at NBA Draft media availability with Henry Ellenson!
We're live with Malik Beasley at NBA Draft media availability!

We're LIVE with Domantas Sabonis at #NBADraft media availability.
Get to know #NBADraft prospect Dragan Bender, drawing Porzingis comparisons and long look atop Thursday's draft board
We're LIVE with Jaylen Brown at #NBADraft media availability.
We're LIVE with Jamal Murray at #NBADraft media availability.

We're LIVE with Skal Labissiere at #NBADraft media availability.
We're LIVE with Dragan Bender at #NBADraft media availability.
We're LIVE with at Kris Dunn at #NBADraft media availability.
We're LIVE with Brandon Ingram at #NBADraft media availability.
We're LIVE with Wade Baldwin at #NBADraft media availability.

Five takeaways from the 2016 #NBAFinals classic (via NBA.com)
The nba.com/stats #NBAFinals infographic recap!
The Starters present their Top 10 Plays of the 2016 #NBAPlayoffs!
Game 7 of the #NBAFinals, as heard around the world!

NFL Hall of Famer Jim Brown joins NBA TV GameTime to discuss the importance of the Cleveland Cavaliers championship for the city of Cleveland!
For bringing home the NBA title... #ThisIsWhyWePlay

Seven games of heroics from unanimous #NBAFinals MVP, LeBron James of the Cleveland Cavaliers!
Check out the H&R Block CLUTCH Plays of the #NBAFinals! #HRBClutchPlays
One of the defining plays of the #NBAFinals, an all-angles look of LeBron James's chasedown block late in Game 7!

NBA.com Mock Draft 3.0: Just two days out from the 2016 #NBADraft!
Relive the best of LeBron James's incredible #NBAFinals MVP performance over 7 games, through the lens of our slo-mo #PhantomCam!
We're live with Chris Paul  to unveil a new teen learning center at the Educational Alliance Boys & Girls Club as part of the NBA Cares State Farm Assist Tracker. #ExistToAssist
#NBADraft prospect, Brice Johnson discusses the sacrifices he's made to prepare for the Draft. Future of the Assist presented by State Farm.
Breaking down every team's outlook heading into Thursday's #NBADraft!

The BEST of our slo-mo Phantom Cam from the #NBAFinals, set to "Up&Up" by Coldplay!
Recapping Tyronn Lue's first-year head coaching journey as midseason replacement to NBA champion with the Cleveland Cavaliers!
Buddy Hield and Marquese Chriss arrive in New York City, excited for Thursday's #NBADraft!
The WNBA annouces its 20 greatest & most influential players in #WNBA20 history #WNBA20at20 presented by Verizon: http://ow.ly/BQcI301u2bh
NBA stars pay tribute to the WNBA for its 20th season! #WNBA20 #WatchMeWork
Golden State Warriors stole a road game in the 2016 #NBAFinals stealing America FREE Doritos Locos Tacos! Head to your nearest Taco Bell today from 2-6pm. While supplies last. http://bit.ly/1NHU6Ql
Come through the Dew NBA 3X Tournament in Miami with our ambassador, NBA legend Gary Payton!
LeBron James wins his 3rd #NBAFinals MVP in unanimous vote as Cleveland Cavaliers take the trophy
THE BLOCK. #NBAFinals MVP! Play of the Day presented by Bud Light

LeBron James & Kyrie Irving scored 56.6% of the Cleveland Cavaliers points in the 2016 #NBAFinals
Our slo-mo Phantom Cam recaps Kyrie Irving's #NBAFinals performance over 7 epic games!
Since Golden State Warriors stole a road game in the 2016 #NBAFinals you can steal a taco TOMORROW! Head to your nearest Taco Bell on 6/21 from 2-6pm. While supplies last. http://bit.ly/1NHU6Ql
Mission Accomplished for the 2016 NBA Champs, Cleveland Cavaliers!
Gimme that!
LeBron James joins elite company with his 3rd #NBAFinals MVP!
The Cleveland Cavaliers bring the city of Cleveland its first major sports title in 52 years, and the first in Cavs franchise history!
The best two words in sports... GAME SEVEN!  Our all-access mini-movie look at Game 7 of the 2016 #NBAFinals as LeBron James & Kyrie Irving deliver the Cleveland Cavaliers their first championship in dramatic fashion!
Kyrie Irving drops 26 points in Game 7 to help propel the Cleveland Cavaliers to the title!
Rapid Reaction to #NBAFinals Game 7!
LeBron James goes for 27 points, 11 rebounds, 11 assists, 3 blocks & 2 steals in Game 7 to close out an epic #NBAFinals performance with his 3rd NBA title!
Kyrie Irving sinks the clutch, go-ahead three for the Cleveland Cavaliers in the final minute of Game 7!
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeat the Golden State Warriors, 93-89, in an instant classic Game 7 of the #NBAFinals to secure their first NBA title!
LeBron James comes with the CLUTCH late-game block to lead the Top 5 Plays from #NBAFinals Game 7!
The Cleveland Cavaliers celebrate their NBA championship, the first in franchise history!
Three-time champion, three-time #NBAFinals MVP LeBron James!
The Cleveland Cavaliers are the 2016 #NBAFinals Champions!
Historic performance from LeBron James in #NBAFinals Game 7!
We are LIVE with LeBron James, Tristan Thompson, JR Smith, Kevin Love, Kyrie Irving and Coach Tyronn Lue following the Cleveland Cavaliers' series-deciding #Game7 win in the 2016 #NBAFinals
We are LIVE with Golden State Warriors Coach Steve Kerr, Draymond Green and Stephen Curry following the Cleveland Cavaliers' series-deciding #Game7 win in the 2016 #NBAFinals

LeBron James is the #NBAFinals MVP! #ThisIsWhyWePlay
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeat the Golden State Warriors 93-89 in #Game7 of the #NBAFinals behind LeBron's 27pts, 11rbs & 11asts.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are the 2016 NBA Champions! #ThisIsWhyWePlay
LeBron James with the EMPHATIC rejection!
Heading to the 4thQ of a classic #Game7 of the #NBAFinals on ABC! #ThisIsWhyWePlay
Shaun Livingston shows out on the break in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
LeBron James protects the rim with two emphatic blocks for the Cleveland Cavaliers in #Game7 of the #NBAFinals
Kyrie Irving with a spectacular finish in transition on #NBAonABC. #NBAFinals
JR Smith is heating up on #NBAonABC in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
Draymond Green goes to work in the first half with 22 points, 6 rebounds, and 5 assists in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
The Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors duke it out in what's shaping up to be an instant classic at the break on #NBAonABC. #Game7
Draymond Green flexes for the hoop and the harm on #NBAonABC in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
LeBron James with a patented chase-down on #NBAonABC in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
LeBron James rises for the MONSTER slam from all of the angles in Phantom Cam! #Game7
Stephen Curry slices through the lane for a scoop and the foul on #NBAonABC in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
Aloe Blacc sings the National Anthem before #Game7 of the #NBAFinals!
The Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors duke it out in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals on #NBAonABC.
Kyrie Irving mixes it up for the step-back jumper on #NBAonABC in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
LeBron James skies for the powerful slam on #NBAonABC in Game 7 of the #NBAFinals.
Stephen Curry from the tunnel, on the first attempt! #NBAFinals #Game7
Legacies are on the line in #NBAFinals Game 7 on ABC
The two best words in sports: GAME SEVEN... Relive the best ones in #NBAFinals history before Golden State Warriors / Cleveland Cavaliers!
A look back at LeBron James's Game 6 alley-oop.. as heard around the world! #NBAFinals
It all comes down to this... Cleveland Cavaliers/Golden State Warriors #NBAFinals GAME SEVEN! #ThisIsWhyWePlay
Grammy-nominated singer/songwriter Aloe Blacc to perform the National Anthem & halftime of #NBAFinals Game 7, 8pm/et on ABC!

It all comes down to this... GAME SEVEN, 8pm/et on ABC! #ThisIsWhyWePlay
Every one of Stephen Curry's record-breaking threes in the 2016 NBA Finals!
Mr. Game 7, Bill Russell reflects with Matt Winer on the biggest two words in sports!
On Father's Day, we hear from Dell Curry on raising Stephen Curry
For Father's Day Weekend, we take a look back at the special relationship between Cleveland Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving and his dad.
All 20 angles of LeBron James's Game 6 alley-oop from JR Smith!
A dream realized, title drought ends with #NBAFinals Game 7 win for LeBron James (via NBA.com): http://on.nba.com/1YAfaeg
It's GAMEDAY for the Golden State Warriors / Cleveland Cavaliers #NBAFinals on ABC... the two best words in sports: GAME SEVEN.
Thank You, Dad! Happy Father's Day!
Join us in wishing Dirk Nowitzki of the Dallas Mavericks a HAPPY 38th BIRTHDAY!
This week's JAM SESSION from #InsideStuff features "Victorious" by Panic! At The Disco! https://youtu.be/RxbmFLnOtOQ
Through six games of the 2016 #NBAFinals, we're all even!
The six-game NBA FINALS journey to Sunday's GAME 7 (8pm/et, ABC)
For GAME SEVEN... #ThisIsWhyWePlay
Message the NBA bot on Facebook Messenger for ANY #NBAFinals highlight & customized alerts to your inbox after the game! m.me/NBA
The last three NBA FINALS GAME 7 results!
We're 24 hours out from tip-off of GAME 7 of the #NBAFinals on ABC!
NBA.com Film Study - Too much LeBron James for Golden State Warriors: http://on.nba.com/263RyUY
The Starters present the TOP 10 PLAYS of the 2016 #NBAFinals... so far!
We are LIVE with Cleveland Cavaliers Coach Tyronn Lue, Kyrie Irving and LeBron James at #NBAFinals Media Day
We are LIVE with Golden State Warriors Coach Steve Kerr, Klay Thompson and Stephen Curry at #NBAFinals Media Day
In honor of Father's Day Weekend, we take a look at the special relationship between Cleveland Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving and his dad (6:30pm/et NBA TV).
LeBron James, making history in the NBA Finals!
Meet Ben Simmons, one of the top prospects of Thursday's 2016 #NBADraft!
Is this the solution to a boring gym routine?
It's a compromise that could work for both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton camps at the convention.
Has she already peaked?
"First, I brush my teeth ... and then my face."
Bethenny's big trip to Mexico is cancelled for lady-part problems.
Probably a good idea to avoid these.
Ben Affleck ranting about Deflategate on Bill Simmons's HBO show is about the most Boston thing ever.
How it could happen.
Everything you need to know about the British referendum that could reshape the future of the world's largest economy.
The hunt for the perfect summer suit has always been elusive....until now.
Democrats are now equating concern for the due-process rights of people on the terror watch list with treason. That's bad.
As BuzzFeed Motion Pictures grows up, it's forced to remind its employees that they don't have Hollywood contracts.
The sit-in, which began Wednesday morning, has lasted almost 20 hours.
A summer thunderstorm has nothing on this Dutch umbrella.
Keep a can in the fridge to spray during emergencies. This evian mineral water spray also helps set makeup and enhance skin products.
The "first words" aren't even the beginning.
Are we deluding ourselves?
The high-tech high-tops seem potentially dangerous and just plain unnecessary.
There's some logic to their pickiness.
Everyone knows that first impressions count for a lot, but don't go on an impulse shopping spree.
These espadrilles were made for walking.
Incredible films to get you fired up about female empowerment.
Picnics are great, but drunken picnics are even better.
Thanks to a handful of teens, there seems to be some hope for the future of humanity.
"Bethenny seems to have an issue with everyone. She started with Dorinda and John. Then it was Jules. Then it was Sonja. Then it was me. Somebody is really angry and unhappy."
They'll vote for him and dutifully say mean stuff about Hillary Clinton. But nobody's pretending there's any sort of conjoining of souls going on.
"I don't consider 'sequel' a slur. But the impetus behind them has changed, and with it, their very nature."
It doesn't have a steering wheel...or even a driver's seat.
In all, we hit 112 different categories, including the best nachos, hookup bar, piña colada, and slice of pizza in all of New York City.
Invest in your own heavy-duty juicer to last you many nutritious summers to come.
This move gives the New York Knicks, who finished well outside of playoff shouting distance last year, a pretty intriguing and talented trio.
"you're really right for it ... it's a superhero, but she's really bad at it."
Prepare to be amazed.
Look sharp, JoJo.
This artist makes intricate animal sculptures from bullet shells.
Some of their peers think they're liable to ruin their reputations.
"We have to occupy the floor of the House until there's action," declared John Lewis of Georgia.
"Why does everyone I fall for end up seeing me as a burden?"
A definitive account of who has, and who does not have, the range.
Helpful.
All it needs now is a few hundred billion dollars in tax money from a party morally opposed to new taxes.
A "Song of Ice and Fire" expert explains.
This super intense workout class mixes video games with exercise.
Many Democrats feel frustrated with the system, but they want to make it work. Republicans do not feel this way at all.
He has discovered he doesn't have anything better to do with himself than to run for a second term in the Senate.
Watch a seemingly indestructible ball of nickel melt before your eyes.
Instagram and Vine are increasing video length, but not letting users navigate them.
Facebook's dubious attempt to turn livestreaming into the next form of television.
Australia did what America refuses to do, and there hasn't been a mass shooting since.
She cut to the chase, quickly and honestly, about the plane outburst.
You're definitely not 21 anymore.
How does he pull this off?
The gloves are off.
The kid just really wanted to make sure he passed his road test.
It's why they're so smart. Duh.
It's the second time these two Neil Youngs have paired up.
"Why would you want to change that? I am a conservative, I like to keep what we have."
If Hillary Clinton is free to whale away at Donald J. Trump for an extended period of time, the race could become all but unwinnable for Republicans.
Let this list get you through your work day today.
Democrats and Republicans are making issues of identity and inclusion central to their campaigns, both symbolically and in terms of policy.
As mobile has become increasingly dominant, every argument against vertical video has been invalidated.
The iPhone is starting to feel like a device that its users and developers have significant control over.
The science of selflessness.
On "The Vulture TV Podcast," Ezra Edelman discusses what he left out of his acclaimed documentary, and why O.J. Simpson has probably adapted well to prison.
Skin care is kind of like personal finance: Saving money isn't cognitively complex, but it takes a lot of discipline to do actively.
Chatting with VEEP showrunner David Mandel about writing and shooting the fake film.
All Jerry Falwell Jr. wanted was a simple "thumbs up" photo with Donald Trump.
FLOTUS is coming.
If you really want to take to the sea that badly, maybe just drop $70,000 on a boat instead.
Less play. More math.
It gets harder the more you know about a subject.
Guess the new algorithm didn't scare anyone off.
A pro's guide to the best pans for whisking, roasting, or cooking out over an open flame.
"Ramsay is kind of impressed by Jon, and what he did in the Night's Watch, and the fact that he's led an army to Winterfell."
"I had originally worn the whole costume to school in 7th grade and it fit perfectly then."
"We don't know anything about Hillary in terms of religion," said Donald J. Trump.
Also, users will be able to post 140-second videos, instead of the previous limit of 30 seconds.
Plus: "How do I avoid becoming friends with my managers?"
You could spend hours just staring at this.
The newly passed physician-assisted-suicide law there has an important feature other countries lack.
Looks like this worn-out political ritual will give way next month to something new.
The golf cart is dead. The GolfBoard killed it.
It's just so insulting.
Democrats are now equating concern for the due-process rights of people on the terror watch list with treason. That's bad.
What's it like on the set of the Justice League movie? Join Vulture for a chat to find out.
It's the first major American corporation to get involved in the marijuana industry.
The hunt for the perfect summer suit has always been elusive....until now.
For the fruit-lover who has everything.
A "comfortably hard" workout is a power-up for memory.
The director hosted an unusual set visit early in the production of DC's 2017 blockbuster.
Beat the heat with this freezeable pillow.
It fits inside the palm of your hand.
Great options for the beach, the kitchen, and more.
As BuzzFeed Motion Pictures grows up, it's forced to remind its employees that they don't have Hollywood contracts.
Didn't see this coming.
Here's a hint: It's a hometown burger made very, very good.
"Being able to be the person that's finally calling the shots and saying, 'This is how I read it and how I imagine it' — it's very liberating."
The gender pioneer surveys her cultural footprint.
These shape-shifting blocks respond to touch.
The same forces tearing at Great Britain before its big EU vote helped give rise to the GOP candidate.
Everything about Donald J. Trump's image is a lie.
With Donald J. Trump at the top of the ticket, the odds of Democrats retaking the Senate are pretty good. But now even Paul Ryan's House could fall.
Sorry, America, but your fancy juice cleanse lacks the science it needs to be legit.
Some theories.
Selena Gomez isn't your average Carpool Karaoke passenger.
The votes largely fell along party lines.
His campaign ended the month with just $1.3 million on hand.
"I feel safe talking about dark subjects because they exist in a world full of life and beauty."
Democrats and Republicans are making issues of identity and inclusion central to their campaigns, both symbolically and in terms of policy.
This cordless one is perfect for maintaining a (clean) 5 o'clock shadow.
A guide to the best of what's out there in beach-towel land.
LeBron James was unstoppable as he carried his Cleveland Cavaliers to an impossible accomplishment http://nym.ag/28JsDvS
Iggy Azalea Calls It Quits With Nick Young in an Instagram Post  http://nym.ag/28LnFCB
They were discovered when Jackson was investigated for child molestation charges.
A gift from Prince to Versace becomes a gift from Versace to us.
It's mind-boggling.
Skip the hassle of reading hundreds of blogs and get all of the skin care info you need in this quick and fun read.
Because if you're going to spend one-third of your life between the sheets, shouldn't they feel fabulous?
It looks like I Sea isn't all it claims to be.
Not too sheer, not too tight, anything but cap sleeves — and not a Hanes in sight.
A new study suggests teens learn from reward, but not from punishment.
Apple pulled out of the Republican convention, but Cook isn't severing his ties with the party.
We've created this handy translation as to what in the ever-loving tronc they are talking about and what that means for you.
This is rather Inception-like.
His solo series is coming in October.
She calls BS on the Supreme Court majority allowing outstanding arrest warrants to be retroactive justification for an illegal search.
Those things aren't just an annoyance or an eyesore.
It's why you're so smart in the shower.
Solo cup on one side, shot glass on the other. Genius.
Even as national legislation is stymied by the power of the gun lobby, there's still hope for reasonable gun-safety laws in some states.
There aren't a whole lot of details, except that the service launches tomorrow.
By 2050, half the population could be nearsighted.
In the end, it's the vulnerable who the system does not protect.
He's one of the show's most frustrating characters.
You can play soccer, basketball, and even chess on Facebook Messenger.
Jonathan Chait and Ed Kilgore debate whether dumping Donald J. Trump is the best of the Republican Party's bad options.
This skateboard is designed for going down stairs.
Barack Obama has spent the past eight years doing his best to push for big, necessary cultural and economic shifts in the face of entrenched institutions and hostile opponents. And he mostly failed.
A series of unfortunate events.
"A few minutes later I sit on the ground, lean against the tree and she mounts me."
It's like an awkward fever dream.
George Will reminds us of the days when the party Establishment could impose their wishes.
Donald J. Trump promised proceeds from his campaign book would go to charity. There is no evidence that they did.
Someone built a real-life Dr. Seuss house and it's incredible.
Hopefully, this means less cursing out StubHub.
The facts of Ralph Nader's impact are fairly clear.
The possibilities are endless.
His abrupt dismissal culminates one of the most dramatic story lines of the 2016 campaign.
It is possible to dine like a healthy vegetarian at this bright, buzzy, almost excessively trendy little restaurant, but the sinful dishes are much more fun.
8 terrifying things hackers have actually done that you probably didn't know happened.
Please, tell us what that was all about.
Incompetent campaign manager fired again; incompetent candidate still in place.
On this week's "Grub Street Podcast," critic Adam Platt discusses whether it's really possible to name a restaurant No. 1 these days.
Chatting with VEEP showrunner David Mandel about writing and shooting the fake film.
Is there anything you can do to sway them out of the terrible decision they're five months away from making?
"Hollywood likes their girls to feel like, 'Oh, I discovered her in a pizza parlor. Fresh plucked. New. Still sweet.' Not battle-tested and wise and smart and strong."
Now with more operatic cursing.
Jon Snow, Ramsay Bolton: Let's get ready to rumble.
What terrorism could look like in the (already upon us) future.
Let this list get you through Monday morning.
A lesser-known form of pollution is affecting one third of humanity.
This technology could make gas stations a thing of the past.
LeBron James was unstoppable as he carried his Cleveland Cavaliers to an impossible accomplishment http://nym.ag/1UFggUm
Iggy Azalea Calls It Quits With Nick Young in an Instagram Post  http://nym.ag/1Y3ndS0
"If anything, at a very young age, I felt like I needed to really be me, in order to earn the attention which was coming my way because I was a part of someone that they loved."
Whether or not the headphones truly "work" is almost beside the point.
"I think abortion is just a kindergarten spat compared with where we're going to go when people start to want to mess with their genes."
The tech giant was a perfect example of the Valley's successes and excesses.
Chatting with Moira Weigel, the author of "Labor of Love: The Invention of Dating," about how crazily recent — and purely American — the whole idea of dating is.
She's not the first successful female sportswriter. But, at 36, she's already at the top of the list.
With next year's election looming on the horizon, the progressive mayor is becoming vulnerable to a primary challenge.
Meet Disney's first Latina Princess (via PopSugar Celebrity ).
Donkey milk is soothing for sensitive skin, has four to five times more vitamin C than cow's milk, and is high in proteins. And, for those who are curious, they don't smell like a farm (or an ass).
Everything from a Jack Spade travel bag to an Instagram-famous swimsuit.
Hamilton: An American Musical may be a Broadway blockbuster, but most theater investors lose a lot of Benjamins.
These mind-blowing cakes look exactly like soda bottles.
This cordless one is perfect for maintaining a (clean) 5 o'clock shadow.
Anton Yelchin has died.
Keep a can in the fridge to spray during emergencies. This evian mineral water spray also helps set makeup and enhance skin products.
A guide to the best of what's out there in beach-towel land.
We've left the age of Difficult Men and entered an age of Difficult Shows.
"I feel safe talking about dark subjects because they exist in a world full of life and beauty."
Perhaps you are the type of person who thinks it's dumb to post photos of food to your social media accounts. You are wrong.
Scientists seeking to better understand the emotional lives of animals are helping us understand ourselves better, too.
Democrats and Republicans are making issues of identity and inclusion central to their campaigns, both symbolically and in terms of policy.
"There are moments I would rip open my chest and hand her my heart if I could. And then there are moments I could crush her head against the wall."
Just look at these things.
New CEO Sundar Pichai is a brainy product guy who aims to reinvent the world's second-most-valuable company — and pretty much every digital experience — with a heavy dose of artificial intelligence.
Nobody seems to know if it actually works.
This jetpack hoverboard may finally be the device that allows you to fly for real.
How to win the parenting approval of random strangers.
You've seen him on SNL, Portlandia … and everything else.
The Wait But Why author's Grub Street Diet.
The lab "forgot to close the gate."
Lots of love for VEEP.
Somebody please make these guys breakfast in bed.
It's complicated.
A certain conventional wisdom says that Hillary Clinton is quite likely to win, unless a major terror attack hits between now and November.
We gave five photographers some of spring's best suits, and asked them to shoot them on their friends during the first weekend of summer.
As mobile has become increasingly dominant, every argument against vertical video has been invalidated.
Many of the awful people Trump is retweeting aren't even people. They're robots.
On "The Vulture TV Podcast," Ezra Edelman discusses what he left out of his acclaimed documentary, and why O.J. Simpson has probably adapted well to prison.
The iPhone is starting to feel like a device that its users and developers have significant control over.
It's one of the most emotionally complex relationships on the show.
What if dads aren't actually total idiots?
The science of selflessness.
Because you're ready to switch from Mr. Clean to something more ecofriendly.
The link between gesture and personality.
What "daddy" signifies in the 2010s is forever morphing and expanding.
"Meta-accuracy" can be hard to come by.
Skin care is kind of like personal finance: Saving money isn't cognitively complex, but it takes a lot of discipline to do actively.
Consider it your deep-fried bucket list.
"People see the light, sooner or later. I have faith in the American public."
A router is a device in which even the most basic of settings and options are wildly unintuitive. But we're here to help.
Finally, a plausible, non-idiotic explanation for Donald J. Trump's behavior.
Johnny Depp's compass, always wobbly, seems to have gone haywire.
Republicans blame liberal professors.
Sorry :/
"There's a reason we giggle at inappropriate times, use humor to survive, and there's no shame in just making a fucking joke and seeing if it works."
She's rock royalty. But being born into bohemian privilege is complicated, especially in the UK.
Bosses who bully high-performing employees may be motivated by different factors than ones who bully low-performing ones.
This would allow you to use space so much more efficiently.
Are parents turning their kids into whiny weaklings by overconsoling them?
Pavegen has developed a tile that captures the energy of your footsteps.
This rice pudding burger is the most amazing food combo you've never heard of.
Without the filtering provided by emotions and their somatic markers, the data sets for any given decision — whether it's what to get for lunch or whom to marry — would be overwhelming.
Sorry in advance, Cars 2.
Goals.
Some extremely depressing, important findings.
An evolution happening behind closed doors.
Searching for the second-most-successful person at the Facebook founder's ten-year reunion.
Are you feeling awumbuk, that emptiness after a guest leaves? Or are you in the grips of torschlusspanik, the jitters elicited by a looming deadline?
Incredible.
"I downloaded the app a few weeks into my freshman year in New York City, and it became — as it has for many gay millennial men — my first introduction to sex, a digitized bathhouse."
We're in a full-blown punctuation arms race.
It's not technically within the confines of New York City, but so what?
Be careful what you wish for.
This is likely going to be popular.
"Harrison got sick because he didn't wear a coat at his inauguration speech. Gary would never let that happen!"
His crusade against Gawker is more than just a Citizen Kane redux.
In simplistic terms, he's seeing more of the game.
Taylor Swift has been strategically employing famous boyfriends to shape her music and public image since it was legal for her to do so.
This Captain America actor looks startlingly like a young Luke Skywalker.
Coders have long sought to mimic biological systems. A new tool aims to make it easier for anyone's software to course through the internet's veins.
Pizza: It's what New Yorkers are made of.
Researchers found a strong correlation between the parental support policies offered by a country and the way parentage correlated with happiness.
Tech gadgets you think you should get dad vs. what our Select All editors recommend you get instead
Some dudes are positively glowing.
In a good way, according to a recent study.
Note to self: Having kids won't make you happier (in America).
Its three-season renewal is probably a good thing.
"Structured unstructured time" — in non-corporate-speak, that's chitchat — is highly encouraged.
It combining the two loves of geeks everywhere: eccentric fashion and elaborate and ultimately pointless projects.
Dogs aren't the only ones who can learn.
A guide to the best of what's out there in beach-towel land by price: http://nym.ag/1S9QEJs
Seasons of Game of Thrones usually follow the same general structure.
"GIRL U ABOUT TO GET DUMPED."
Tumblr under Yahoo should have been a slam dunk.
When will Lin-Manuel Miranda get his Oscar?
Why did this exist?
Facing a potentially damaging backlash from conservatives who believe that Facebook is suppressing the news and ideas they care about, it's enormously helpful to have a Republican on the board.
An iffy plan has an upside.
Bridesmaids dresses as we know them are actually a fairly modern phenomenon.
Rubio's reelection is a much dicier proposition than it would have probably been had he never run for president.
It's really rather astonishing (via ATTN:).
Mockingbirds are master mimickers who evolved to copy the calls of their fellow birds. And sometimes car alarms.
"Then, on principle, I decided to never call again. At least until he called me first. He never did and that complete lack of interest in my life ate at me in the days after his death, especially when I saw how beloved he was in his neighborhood."
How to avoid a repeat of the 1938 recession.
The Met Gala was just a preview.
Slice steak like a pro.
It only costs $25 to be the ultimate The Bachelorette fan on the beach.
We can now 3-D print guns and cars.
Heroes.
This woman's story tells you everything you need to know about the sad state of maternity leave in America.
Shark Tank knows what's up.
"I downloaded the app a few weeks into my freshman year in New York City, and it became — as it has for many gay millennial men — my first introduction to sex, a digitized bathhouse."
He made Donald J. Trump out of chips and salsa.
No wonder Bernie Sanders insists his campaign still has a purpose.
From an iPhone case favored by the Kardashians to Instagram's favorite bathing suit.
A router is a device in which even the most basic of settings and options are wildly unintuitive. But we're here to help.
After Steph Curry lost his cool in the NBA Finals, his wife made a wild accusation.
This futuristic floating city could house up to 7,000 scientists and students.
With survival comes a fresh set of challenges.
Perhaps not a completely unforeseeable development.
What if dads aren't actually total idiots?
Pizza: It's what New Yorkers are made of.
"All the trappings of the presidency without any of the responsibilities."
What Muslim women want you to know (via Bustle).
The Wait But Why author's Grub Street Diet.
Sorry in advance, Cars 2.
"We may have 60 votes to pass the measure that makes sure that people who are on the terror watch list cannot buy guns"
With next year's election looming on the horizon, the progressive mayor is becoming vulnerable to a primary challenge.
In a speech Thursday night, Bernie Sanders said he's willing to work with Hillary Clinton, but he stopped short of conceding.
"Anyone on a terror watchlist who tries to buy a gun should be thoroughly investigated by the FBI and the sale delayed while the investigation is ongoing."
New track alert!
Are you feeling awumbuk, that emptiness after a guest leaves? Or are you in the grips of torschlusspanik, the jitters elicited by a looming deadline?
She's rock royalty. But being born into bohemian privilege is complicated, especially in the UK.
Just like that, a liability becomes an asset.
As the bits and pieces that go inside a fitness tracker get smaller, wearables makers are better-equipped to give half a thought to design.
Introducing Twitter's favorite dad. (Or at least Twitter's favorite dad this week.)
How to win the parenting approval of random strangers.
His condition is currently unknown.
One important question for researchers is under what circumstances people engage in sexting even though they don't really want to.
Lebron. James.
Nobody seems to know if it actually works.
The lab "forgot to close the gate."
Skin care is kind of like personal finance: Saving money isn't cognitively complex, but it takes a lot of discipline to do actively.
But about that extra-hot latte …
Proceeds from the track will be donated to an LGBT charity.
We'll never be truly free until there's a Hamilton documentary on public TV.
As mobile has become increasingly dominant, every argument against vertical video has been invalidated.
The science of selflessness.
Think before you act.
Or a bug-free outdoor picnic, pool party, BBQ, backyard, patio...
"Not getting married anytime soon, so I sent this Save the Date out instead."
In honor of Orlando.
"Meta-accuracy" can be hard to come by.
It's called "the Halo" and would cost $35 per ride.
"Our hearts are broken, too. We stand with you," said Obama.
Please click.
"White fear is always seeking its object. For a very long time, crime was the dominant political issue of the day. Then it was terrorism, now it's a combination of immigration and terrorism, and politicians will come along and exploit it, cultivate it."
The sealed-off chamber is 4,300 years old.
Wow.
Nobody could have seen this coming.
People are living out their childhood dreams taking on the 'Guts' Aggro Crag in New York City — it's not as easy as it looked on TV.
The best time to meditate, according to a meditation coach.
Like the AquaVault that keeps your wallet and phone safe while you go out into the water.
Chatting with Moira Weigel, the author of "Labor of Love: The Invention of Dating," about how crazily recent — and purely American — the whole idea of dating is.
A new calculation may tell us when we'll finally meet aliens.
She's not the first successful female sportswriter. But, at 36, she's already at the top of the list.
You've seen him on SNL, Portlandia … and everything else.
Whether or not the headphones truly "work" is almost beside the point.
Bizarre art floats on water every year at this aquatic parade.
Deal of the Week: Get 30% off full-price merchandise in-store at DVF - Diane von Furstenberg: http://bit.ly/1UydmRb
After the Orlando attack, Republican leaders dismissed his proposals. But they're too afraid of him — and the base — to break up completely.
There's a lot of pressure on Hillary Clinton to unite the Democratic Party by adopting Bernie Sanders's positions on key issues. That won't come without some political risks.
One of Korea's biggest exports, apart from K-pop, are its beauty products.
So ... what do you actually do in Kanye's new video game?
On "The Vulture TV Podcast," Ezra Edelman discusses what he left out of his acclaimed documentary, and why O.J. Simpson has probably adapted well to prison.
The resilience of the "media created Trump" meme is baffling, in light of the current state of the 2016 race.
Lots of great zingers here.
Taylor Swift has been strategically employing famous boyfriends to shape her music and public image since it was legal for her to do so.
Finally, a plausible, non-idiotic explanation for Donald J. Trump's behavior.
Meet the first mammal to go extinct because of climate change.
President Barack Obama is now the first sitting president to declare himself a feminist.
"There's a reason we giggle at inappropriate times, use humor to survive, and there's no shame in just making a fucking joke and seeing if it works."
This is a brilliant invention.
"Emily Doe is a survivor in every sense of the word, and her words deserve to be amplified."
People are still racing those absurdly large-wheeled bikes from the 20s.
It's not technically within the confines of New York City, but so what?
You've never seen art this way before.
This episode is all about couples.
This woman is a real life superhero (via PopSugar Celebrity ).
Ba-dum-tss.
They couldn't be more different.
Internalized homophobia leads to all kinds of suffering, but rarely to something like murder.
The throw-down was basically a short joke v. fat joke proxy war.
When it ended just after 2 a.m., Chris Murphy's filibuster had become the eighth-longest in history.
Want to watch your friend's stories? You're going to have to watch some ads.
This is literally a game changer.
Why some workers need a desk Snuggie, and others don't.
Cram a bunch of dudes in a car, and they're gonna end up wrastlin' it out.
RIP.
Who has time to cook anymore?
Who has time to cook anymore?
Including this handsanitizer that doubles as a way to clean fruits and veggies.
Tech gadgets you think you should get dad vs. what our Select All editors recommend you get instead
What happens when a company calls dibs on your personal brand?
Weirdly, there's a multi-piece vibrator in here.
"The Trial of the Century" was the most heavily scrutinized court case of our time.
It's called "cognitive reappraisal."
Opt for an alcoholic beverage, maybe two.
Learn from the best.
"Why yes, prospective date, I do listen to a lot of Celine Dion."
It's a pretty straightforward strategy, at least so far.
He's also helped others escape the same fate.
Somebody please make these guys breakfast in bed.
It wouldn't be an official human disaster without Pat Robertson saying something heartless about its genesis in behavior that he does not approve of.
"Anyone on a terror watchlist who tries to buy a gun should be thoroughly investigated by the FBI and the sale delayed while the investigation is ongoing."
"I think abortion is just a kindergarten spat compared with where we're going to go when people start to want to mess with their genes."
From Kelly Killoren Bensimon's Self Portrait dress to Rob Riggle's ear hair trimmer.
The idea of manly food is preposterous. Yet each day men are assaulted by food advertising urging them to eat like "real" men.
All the components to help create a stunning look.
Democrats erupted in protest on the House floor in the first session after the Orlando attacks.
A new report says the directors of the largest companies in the world are overwhelmingly male — and things aren't likely to change much anytime soon.
It's complicated.
Some extremely depressing, important findings.
This massive sea organ is literally played by the ocean.
That spirit paved the way for a set of disastrous policies whose consequences we are still suffering from.
Many of the awful people Trump is retweeting aren't even people. They're robots.
Fireflies are disappearing, and it's probably our fault.
Republicans blame liberal professors.
This is exactly what you need to see today.
It's hard to interpret this Donald J. Trump tweet as anything other than a confession that the darkest interpretation of his initial comments was correct.
This groundbreaking 'bionic leaf' converts sunlight and water into liquid fuel.
Lots of love for VEEP.
"There are moments I would rip open my chest and hand her my heart if I could. And then there are moments I could crush her head against the wall."
This pavilion was designed to look like an unzipped brick wall.
Imagine Hemingway as a recovering hippie favoring longer sentences, better drugs, and animal-friendlier sports.
The American Medical Association (AMA) called gun violence a "public-health crisis."
This technique is completely mesmerizing.
She's rock royalty. But being born into bohemian privilege is complicated, especially in the UK.
As a new documentary makes abundantly clear, tickling is not an organized sport. It's a fetish.
It's the only time a late-night audience will cheer for a swastika.
The world's first 3D-printed office building looks incredible.
Are you feeling awumbuk, that emptiness after a guest leaves? Or are you in the grips of torschlusspanik, the jitters elicited by a looming deadline?
From street spritzes in Japan to man-made wind in the Middle East.
A 6,000-mile walk in honor of her late daughter (via PopSugar Celebrity).
Their rendition of "Happy Birthday" is particularly rousing.
An evolution happening behind closed doors.
Their first face-to-face meeting in months could be a turning point.
The ban has become the centerpiece of Donald J. Trump's general election campaign.
Not fair.
In simplistic terms, he's seeing more of the game.
California prosecutors got the judge removed from another sexual assault case.
About time.
New track alert!
Sure, you could get him a new laptop, but then you're also inadvertently signing up for an entire afternoon of helping set it up.
Microsoft is gunning for the offices that have been slow to adopt newfangled work tools like Google Apps and Slack.
"I'm almost 70 years old, and these days I like to think I am pretty much anxiety-free, but I was almost crippled by it for the majority of my adult life."
Pound an 80-proof milkshake. Or a spiked snow cone. Or a frozen Red Bull-and-vodka.
Want to watch your friend's stories? You're going to have to watch some ads.
Reading is great. Just don't expect to do too much of it on Facebook in the near future.
Without the filtering provided by emotions and their somatic markers, the data sets for any given decision — whether it's what to get for lunch or whom to marry — would be overwhelming.
This is literally a game changer.
Hillary Clinton had far and away the most negative coverage.
The iPhone is starting to feel like a device that its users and developers have significant control over.
People should embrace some complexity on this issue.
The link between gesture and personality.
What, if anything, was known about his potential infatuation with violent, radical ideology before the Orlando massacre?
This is wonderfully subtle and smart.
An edible cup, a foldable kayak, even B.O. wipes.
Also, you will never be able to break the screen on this thing.
"Growing up in Central Florida, it was the one place I could be myself."
Watch an Electric Eel Send Charges Up a Plastic Arm
"It is a political talking point. It is not a strategy."

One has five blades and a pivoting head.
This cat-filled German supermarket ad is going viral.
Be careful what you wish for.
Under today's ruling, internet access will continue to be considered a utility.
A certain conventional wisdom says that Hillary Clinton is quite likely to win, unless a major terror attack hits between now and November.
What "daddy" signifies in the 2010s is forever morphing and expanding.
Luckily, this bee can't sting, but it can do pretty much everything else.
Said Larry David: "In the immortal words of Julius Caesar, 'I left, I did nothing, I returned.'"
Johnny Depp's compass, always wobbly, seems to have gone haywire.
His crusade against Gawker is more than just a Citizen Kane redux.
Paul Ryan publicly disagreed with Trump again today — but it's not the first time.
Sunday is coming up quick and your dad probably needs a bacon box. Or a Michael Kors track jacket. Or a hammock.
Samantha Bee's voice is one we badly need.
Democrats and Republicans are making issues of identity and inclusion central to their campaigns, both symbolically and in terms of policy.
It's one of the most emotionally complex relationships on the show.
This is the 7-person tricycle that Google apparently uses for team building.
Why some workers need a desk Snuggie, and others don't.
In case you're wondering what a world with no men would look like ...
A new breed of L.A.-based comedies has arrived.
This could be the device that makes the summer livable.
Cram a bunch of dudes in a car, and they're gonna end up wrastlin' it out.
"If anything, at a very young age, I felt like I needed to really be me, in order to earn the attention which was coming my way because I was a part of someone that they loved."
"People see the light, sooner or later. I have faith in the American public."
According to at least four regular patrons, Mateen had visited the club several times before.
You know you still haven't gotten that gift...
Bosses who bully high-performing employees may be motivated by different factors than ones who bully low-performing ones.
Scientists seeking to better understand the emotional lives of animals are helping us understand ourselves better, too.
LeBron and Kyrie did something that has never been done in NBA finals history.
We're in a full-blown punctuation arms race.
What Twitch is to gaming nerds, Chew is to bedroom DJs.
We gave five photographers some of spring's best suits, and asked them to shoot them on their friends during the first weekend of summer.
There are a lot of big changes coming to your phone.
Siri will now be available to drive you crazy on your Mac.
Many gay-rights advocates and medical experts say the rules are both arbitrary and needlessly discriminatory.
How Utah could become genuinely shaky for the GOP.
Apple Inc. just announced a bunch of major changes to its text messaging app — here they are.
Consider it your deep-fried bucket list.
Email protocol voters might have to pick a candidate on the basis of other issues.
A new and hilarious low.
What to buy a dad that enjoys a good read (and can still be shipped by Sunday).
We've left the age of Difficult Men and entered an age of Difficult Shows.
It's about time.
It's hard to know what that really means.
The ban has become the centerpiece of Donald J. Trump's general election campaign.

The first thing you see on your iPhone is getting a major overhaul.
An explanation of what "an ISIS attack" even means in the context of what happened in Orlando.
About time.
These are mesmerizing.
Kids, it seems, are just judge-y little adults in waiting.
The tech giant was a perfect example of the Valley's successes and excesses.

In simplistic terms, he's seeing more of the game.


"Harrison got sick because he didn't wear a coat at his inauguration speech. Gary would never let that happen!"
He began with a moment of silence.
Not fair.
When you're ready to switch from Mr. Clean to something more ecofriendly.
Public opinion no longer clearly supports the ban.
This house is made entirely of cardboard and snaps together in a day.
"We're led by a man who is a very -- look, we're led by a man that either is, is not tough, not smart, or he's got something else in mind," said Donald J. Trump.
"I feel safe talking about dark subjects because they exist in a world full of life and beauty."
Suddenly Rubio has become aware that there's a war.
Adding LinkedIn to the family offers Microsoft a huge amount of data about its customers.
Someone combined a hammock and a hot tub — this is the result.
The biggest backer, besides Big Real Estate, is Mayor Bill de Blasio himself.
With an introduction from Barack and Michelle Obama.
After the Bush doctrine, the Trump doctrine.
This 9-year-old girl creates beautiful care packages for homeless women (via PopSugar Celebrity).
Searching for the second-most-successful person at the Facebook founder's ten-year reunion.
The show went on, but the tragedy was not forgotten.
Arya's final battle with the Waif is absurdly satisfying.
The Stanford rapist's six-month sentence is 97% longer than what other rapists get (via NowThis).
Turns out we should actually be asking questions during those boring company-wide 401k meetings.
Spoiler: Hamilton: An American Musical had a pretty great night.
Skip the stereotypical single malt and get Dad a bottle of something unexpected.
Four easy tips.
Nice.
Donald J. Trump has proven himself to be an intransigent ideologue.
The truth about sleep.
It's time to dispense with the fiction that Donald J. Trump knows what he's doing.
The first part of the acclaimed documentary airs on Saturday.
"No one's loyal these days but Melee's always there for you."
"And love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love; Cannot be killed or swept aside." - Lin-Manuel Miranda
Google has learned a thing or two about the way men and women answer interview questions.
You will have no idea who they are.
The period has become a sort of microaggression, redundant in an age of speech bubbles and line breaks.
"Maybe she's right, but maybe I'm just horny and like pushing boundaries."
This week, Louis C.K. covers our annual TV Issue, plus the hack that broke the city, and more: http://nym.ag/28vG1MR
James Corden in his natural element.
The good and the bad.
The jerk store called, and they want you to learn how to create comebacks on the fly.
A lot of your sweatiness comes down to stuff you can't control.
It's despicable, manipulative, selfish behavior — and something we're all doing.
For one thing, he's drawing massive attention to the Trump University case.
4 amazing things green tea does for your body.
Anxiety is incredibly common across the globe. And women and younger people are more likely to have it.
Yeah, Trump's a racist lunatic, but what is he gonna do? Not vote for him?
Hilarious.
These three spots make 'em best.
Treat yourself.
In 1990, Katie Koestner launched the term "date rape" into the public lexicon when she went public with her story of sexual assault by a date who appeared to be her "Prince Charming."
50 people are dead and 53 are injured.
It's incredible what this little syringe can do.
Like your third-grade teacher told you, you have to pay attention.
This crazy VR theme park lets you play laser tag in 5-D.
You may have found yourself in the position of having to explain that climate change is a real thing. These scientists are here to help with that.
Just give it to her.
For dressing up, for tucking into high-waisted shorts and, even, for bringing to friends in Europe.
The key to the rudeness illusion.
What does "Everything in moderation" mean anyway?
This list is really good.
It's an intricate scheme with everything from blunt lies to mobilizing the best revisionist historians at Breitbart media.
For all roles, casting directors look for people who "pop" on camera. But for villains, you need two extra ingredients.
In wealthy Dering Harbor there are accusations of rank electoral fraud — and improper holly bushes.
It's called Sunscreenr, and it's currently being funded via Kickstarter.
You have to see it to believe it.
This is the America of 2016.
The risk profile of a Donald J. Trump presidency looks less like another George W. Bush presidency (unlikely; very bad) and more like a gigantic asteroid striking the Earth (quite unlikely; catastrophic).
On the far reaches of Brooklyn's Atlantic coastline is a forgotten piece of aviation history.
Donald J. Trump's campaign is not a professionally run outfit.
Investors have poured $168 million into a democratic, machine-based, blockchain-enabled venture capital firm. But democracy is tough to manage.
The Judd Apatow Cinematic Universe is more than the work of just one man.
This urn turns you into a tree after you die.
Chip Wilson says Lululemon "has lost its way."
All about second chances (via NowThis).
Sebastian  Michaelis says he has tasted between 300,000 and 400,000 teas during his career.
Nobody gains anything by panicking about it, and there's solid reason to think it will only rile up trolls who have shown little evidence of exhibiting any offline power or influence.
Your new excuses for ordering another round.
There are no plans to ever make it available.
He has a golden opportunity. He has yet to seize it.
This is an excellent creation.
We're going to see a lot more from Rami Malek.
NBCUniversal told employees they can opt out of traveling to Brazil if they're not comfortable.
An ad-libbed toilet joke isn't the best way for a candidate to beat back charges of immaturity.
Can't get enough of Hamilton: An American Musical.
"I am every woman." Stanford rape victim releases another statement.
Casual.
It's despicable, manipulative, selfish behavior — and something we're all doing.
For all roles, casting directors look for people who "pop" on camera. But for villains, you need two extra ingredients.
There are five investigations (that we know about) being conducted by at least six different federal, state, and city entities.
Well played, Hillary Clinton.
Donald J. Trump has looked for just about any excuse he could find to stiff everyone from plumbers to — can't make this up — lawyers who represented him in non-payment lawsuits.
Golden State is on the brink of its second-straight NBA championship.
"As a disabled person, I'm used to being ignored, especially when it comes to movies and TV."
A reminder of the many, ways that human memory can fool us into misunderstanding our own lives.
What's at stake is how kids are taught to approach their own education.
Etsy needs to evolve without alienating its loyal sellers, meeting the demands of shareholders while remaining true to its ideals. That's hard.
A handful of places are kicking the tires.
Pat Buchanan wants Donald Trump to keep his white nationalist profile bigger than ever.
They say that couples in love have eyes only for each other. It seems that they are right.
Under-30 voters are definitely not crazy about Hillary Clinton. But against Trump she should do about as well among them as Obama did.
He was a titan of professional hockey, but there's a less inspiring undercurrent to the final year and a half of that life that shouldn't be ignored.
Governor John Hickenlooper signs a law on Friday that will give survivors up to 20 years to report a rape.
"I love that he was from my hometown and believe he was the greatest man to walk the earth."
This is what it looks like when you put an opera singer in an MRI machine.
Thank the original Sunday Funday.
It's an intricate scheme with everything from blunt lies to mobilizing the best revisionist historians at Breitbart media.
For the first time, there are more students of color than white students in our public schools. How we confront this change will determine the fate of this generation—and the country.
Don't hold your breath.
It's time to dispense with the fiction that Donald J. Trump knows what he's doing.
This company will build an incredible hidden wine cellar in your kitchen.
"I anticipate how they're likely to answer a question, and try to steer them away from just a cliché of the moment."
Join us tomorrow at Grub Street's Beats & Eats Event from 12 - 5 pm at the Hester Street Fair. http://nym.ag/24FJYK6
Women who go freelance are likely to find a lot of their work problems repeated outside the confines of their salaried job — without an HR rep or sympathetic co-workers to lean on.
Like your third-grade teacher told you, you have to pay attention.
Cleaning your grill is the worst part of summer, and this robot could fix it.
It could offer billions in debt relief for students.
The company already has an offer from PC magazine publisher Ziff Davis.
The gloves are coming off.
Math did this? Excellent.
Your new excuses for ordering another round.
The risk profile of a Donald J. Trump presidency looks less like another George W. Bush presidency (unlikely; very bad) and more like a gigantic asteroid striking the Earth (quite unlikely; catastrophic).
These artistic renderings of animals are secretly humans in incredible body paint.
Yeah, Trump's a racist lunatic, but what is he gonna do? Not vote for him?
The period has become a sort of microaggression, redundant in an age of speech bubbles and line breaks.
This life-size replica Doctor Who TARDIS is made entirely out of Legos.
Really?
Stars from the Harry Potter movie cast took a Sorting Hat quiz and got some unexpected results ...
"People are so shocked by my diet."
This entire ready-to-wear collection was 3-D printed by a former design student.
The first part of the acclaimed documentary airs on Saturday.
The key to the rudeness illusion.
Like this great gift for dad. Or yourself.
Wall art comes to life in the most useful way possible.
"I am ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton to become the next president of the United States and make sure Donald Trump never gets any place close to the White House."
A smooth-as-heck humble-brag.
Hillary Clinton is showing some momentum in new polls.
Although anyone with Internet access knows about it, the CIA treats the drone program as top secret, and officials are barred from discussing it publicly.
But when Trump called Nancy Reagan ugly, what did he expect?
This is the America of 2016.
"I am every woman." Stanford rape victim releases another statement.
Funny how that keeps happening.
They say Brock Turner took off running, but they chased after him and then made sure the victim was getting help.
How does Lin-Manuel Miranda have the time to do all these things?
A lot of your sweatiness comes down to stuff you can't control.
Could we see Clinton and Warren teaming up this election?
"That was kind of the goal of this movie — to reinforce the community and remind veterans that it's okay to laugh at all of the things we've done."
Sometimes, keeping soldiers safe means understanding their bowel movements.
Four easy tips.
It would be smart for Donald J. Trump to make swing voters — and marginal Democratic voters — think about anything and everything other than his own self.
Daniel Brown crafts entire cities using algorithms and a bit of imagination.
Your ticket to the champions' celebration.
The evolution of innovation.   Check out highlights from the official KD9 launch where Kevin Durant's journey started.
Kevin Durant is LIVE now with Leo Chang. Watch to hear their insight into the KD9 evolution. Submit your questions in the comments below.
Zoom Everywhere. Introducing the KD9 Zero.   Today, Kevin Durant is in Austin, Texas to launch the next generation in his signature series. Leave your questions in the comments below and he will answer LIVE later this afternooon.
Just a kid from Northeast Ohio. #AlwaysBelieve
The sun sets. Legends rise.  Dominate from dawn till dusk in the Kobe XI 'Sunset.'  Available now: http://swoo.sh/1UUkyG3
Legend in the making.   Take a look back at the evolution of Kevin Durant and his signature series.
Born fresh. The Kyrie 2 'Kyrache' honors the '92 Nike Air Flight Huarache, released the same year Kyrie was born.  Available now: http://swoo.sh/1TXYtJF

Kevin Durant stormed the court last night in the all new KD9. #JustDoIt  More: http://swoo.sh/1Vffpuf
Her knee went out. Her fire didn't. #SkysBack    Go behind the scenes with Skylar Diggins as she works toward her comeback tonight.
New day. New opportunity. Make it count in the Kobe XI 'Carpe Diem.'   Available now: http://swoo.sh/1OFG0K1
Play with pride. Perform with precision.  Show out for the Land in the #KYRIE2 'On-Court.' Available now: http://swoo.sh/1rWKcQP
Kyrie Irving has cooked up his sweetest Unexpected Move yet.   The NIKEiD KYRIE 2 Ky-Rispy Kreme. Available now: http://swoo.sh/1s2AyvW
Just the beginning. #BringYourGame
Hypnotic handles.  Put defenders to sleep in the KYRIE 2 'Crossover.' Available now in SNKRS: http://swoo.sh/1sb0u8v
Unbreakable bond.   Skylar Diggins shares a special Mother's Day message.
Designed by a legend. Inspired by an icon.  Infamous Nike designer Tinker Hatfield drew inspiration from the Jordan line when creating the Kobe XI Elite 'Muse II.'  Learn More: http://swoo.sh/1oZhuNg

Motivated by family. Fueled by fire.   The Skylar Diggins HyperRev 2016 PE. Available 5.7. Learn more: http://swoo.sh/1Zd8f8C
Free to dominate.  #BringYourGame   The Elite Women's Basketball collection is fit for her. Shop the look: http://swoo.sh/1VT81G3
Icing on the cake.  The Kyrie 2 'Red Velvet' puts a sweet touch on his most innovative shoe.   Available now: http://swoo.sh/24mJF8K
The family legacy continues this summer. #BringYourGame
It started as a dream.   This season, Skylar Diggins is back and ready to make her mark on the league. #WeGotNow
20 years ago she was just a fan.   Now, Diana Taurasi will prove why she is one of the game's all-time greats. #WeGotNow
Pinning down abortion rates in Latin America is notoriously difficult. But researchers were able to track online requests for abortion medication.
British voters apparently have come down in favor of getting out of the European Union. The results would end the United Kingdom's 43-year membership, the BBC reported.
The recent tragedy in Orlando hit a space that's practically sacred for gay Latinos. This week, NPR's Alt.Latino celebrates stories of the dance floor.
If a large number of the 2.2 million British expats in Europe were to pack up and go home, it could hurt their host countries' economies — and strain the U.K. health service, since many of them are elderly and need lots of care.
The number of applications has more than doubled In the past three months.
"Science is inspired by ignorance."
Schools around the country may be relieved by the ruling, but it's "not a blank check," one education expert says.
You might think Voltron, Defender of the Universe, is from someplace far, far away. But the 1980s TV show was actually dreamed up in St. Louis, Missouri.
He told his father what he saw, and his father told him never to talk about it.
"We don't think anybody in a city as wealthy as Dallas should be sleeping on the streets."
Music from 1971 lives on in the present like most old music does not, says writer David Hepworth.
In-home units that look like small space ships are going into homes around Vermont as part of a pilot run by the state's largest utility.
The amendments to a federal spending bill would not only allow open carry in D.C., but would eliminate anti-gun buffer zones around D.C. schools, libraries, playgrounds.
Should you BYOBN -- bring your own bed net?
The same protein that links exercise to memory has also been linked to brain plaques associated with Alzheimer's.
Will they stay or will they go?
That time when How To Do Everything called up the International Space Station ...  Hear the full episode: http://bit.ly/28OJayr
"Something really profound has changed in the way that we use guns in America," journalist Evan Osnos tells Fresh Air with Terry Gross.
"Although the ... image is iconic and significant, to Marines it's not about the individuals and never has been," Marine Corps Commandant Gen. Robert Neller says.
What's making you happy this week? Pop Culture Happy Hour's Stephen Thompson, Glen Weldon and Linda Holmes discuss new and upcoming movies, TV, plays and more.
Turns out that nasal flu vaccine didn't work well at all.
Colombia's conflict has stretched for more than half a century; this agreement is a major step toward peace.
NPR chats with illustrator Shawn Martinbrough in his studio about "Thief of Thieves," art, and comics. Stay tuned to see how Shawn translates script to page for issue 36 of ToT! Chatting with Tanya Ballard Brown.
The end of this leg means the crew has now completed 90 percent of its historic journey.
Central America has long been the route north for people fleeing violence or poverty in Latin America. Now it's also a route from Africa.
In his new show, former ESPN personality Bill Simmons was funny and bombastic -- just as he was on ESPN.
Tim Burton brings the weird and a new Civil War saga crackles with fury ...on TRAILER PARK.
The Supreme Court finished deadlocked when it considered whether President Obama had the authority to shield millions of immigrants from deportation.
What today's Supreme Court decisions on immigration and affirmative action mean, with NPR's Nina Totenberg and Scott Detrow from the U.S. Supreme Court.
Fracking news: Why did a federal judge block the Obama administration's attempt to regulate hydraulic fracturing? Camila Domonoske checks in with newscaster Louise Schiavone to look at the day's top headlines – including some big Supreme Court decisions – then talks with Stephanie Joyce of Wyoming Public Media about fracking regulations and federal land.
After this ruling, legal analysts doubt convictions are likely for any remaining officers to be tried in the death of Freddy Gray.
Justice Kennedy wrote the majority opinion upholding University of Texas' race-conscious admissions program.

CSPAN cameras, controlled by the majority party, went black when the House adjourned. So Democrats fired up their phones and streamed it themselves.
The long arm of British investment reaches into your state's businesses.

"In the month of August of that year, I had four or five patients that had overdosed and died. One was a 34-year-old mother, two kids. I had no idea.  "I still feel guilty about that."
Democrats pledged to continue their fight once Congress returns from the July Fourth recess.
"If you're not practicing contentment where you are, you're not going to be content when you get what you want. ... It actually really woke me up when my daughter was born ... because if there's anything a baby does, is you have to be present, 'cause you gotta keep it alive."
One of the most basic properties of life, a "left-handedness" or "right-handedness" of proteins, appears to be determined long, long before the origins of life, writes commentator Marcelo Gleiser.
Some similar issues, globalization and economics, are driving both the Brexit vote — happening now — and U.S. presidential campaigns.
"I pray that lots of people download this song and actually learn about what's going on."
Seriously, turn that thing off and go to sleep, before one of your eyes fakes a stroke.
Those ears!
What have we learned today?
Claim: Recent economic growth was "largely" due to women entering the workforce.
Bookies know best?
The nightclub will host a street party on Thursday night. "We need to show that we are strong," the owner said in a statement.
Donald Trump's full speech, annotated with analysis of his campaign promises and criticisms of Hillary Clinton.
In a Pittsburgh suburb, a giant school with too few students and abysmal test scores has been in the neighborhood for more than a century. Now it's shutting down
NPR's Pam Fessler and Sam Sanders are at the Smithsonian, talking about the history of voting machines and technology. Send in your questions!
This week Matthew Andrewes – a longtime fare-dodger in Boston -- confessed his sins with an apology letter and $300. He's made amends and now you can, too.   What minor transgressions have you committed? Do you want to come clean? Now's your chance. Email nprcrowdsource@npr.org with your name and your crime – put "I'M SORRY" in the subject line.
Normally nobody enters or leaves the Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station during the winter months: "It's mind-boggling how cold it gets down there."
Like most nerds, NPR's Glen Weldon holds tightly to the things he loved as a child. So he holds this new "Voltron" to a high bar.
The best way to galvanize people who should be on your team is to find a common enemy, writes NPR's Mara Liasson.
So. Many. People.
Stumped! It's NPR Politics' politics quiz, where you get to play against NPR's Ron Elving and Sam Sanders. With Amita Kelly as your host, and Meg Anderson representing you, the audience.
Pryor is short for a fencer; he compensates with speed and unpredictable motion.
Older siblings may get the raw end of the immune system deal.
Dennis Hastert will become federal inmate number 47991-424. He was sentenced to 15 months in a case involving hush-money paid to cover up sexual abuse.
"The more I discover and decipher, the angrier I become," says Michigan's attorney general about Flint's water.
If you think that the two major political parties hate each other now more than they have in decades, you're right.

The UK has been invaded and re-invaded so many times over the centuries that some question if it was ever really "English". But others say the latest changes are coming too fast.
The jaguar, named Juma, escaped his leash at a zoo after appearing at the Olympic event.
"We have lost hundreds and thousands of innocent people to gun violence ... and what has this body done?" said Rep. John Lewis.  "Mr. Speaker, nothing. Not one thing."
With this speech, Trump sought to change the subject after a string of bad news about his own campaign.
A daring rescue in the Antarctic, and bloody (but meatless!) hamburgers. First, Camila Domonoske checks in with newscaster Korva Coleman about the day's top headlines… then she chats with science editors Geoff Brumfiel and Maria Godoy, about the South Pole life-saving operation and flesh-like vegetarian burgers.
Thursday's Brexit vote is a sign of Britain's turn from a global power to an insular North Sea island, uncertain of its place in the world, writes NPR's Greg Myre.
Rubio said he felt a sense of duty to run again, given the current presidential race
Refrigerate onions before chopping, or turn on a fan -- or just suck it up: "Sometimes pain is pleasure."
More than a decade ago, Congress specifically excluded fracking from federal oversight.
"The extent to which celebrity is prized in our society and has infiltrated politics is shocking to me."
Darjeeling is a little tea that casts a big shadow — rare and handled with painstaking care, using methods that are more than a century old. But at least one tradition is ending.
Call it CountryCon: Nashville's annual CMA Music Fest is a family reunion, a county fair, an ocean of merchandise, a fan convention and a music festival all rolled into one.
Oh, those British tabloids! Over the years, they've published some pretty outlandish, often-unfounded stories about EU regulations that take a bite out of the heart of U.K. food culture.
Evangelicals have doubts about Trump, but this forum, moderated by former Arkansas governor and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee, was friendly.
Among other rules, the 600-plus pages require drone operators to pass a written exam every two years, keep the unmanned aircraft within sight and avoid flying it over people and at night.
If you're a cartoonist who covers gourmet food but is determined not to succumb to gourmet pretensions, you fill a food book with Dalí-esque surrealism. Or at least Lisa Hanawalt did.
WNYC Radio analyzed data on the 120,000 names that had been dropped from the voter rolls before April's presidential primary.
The disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan in 2011 reignited the concerns about the Diablo Canyon plant. It'll be decommissioned by 2025.

Oprah Winfrey returns to a regular TV drama role for the first time in two decades, appearing in Greenleaf OWN.
The spankings, carried out onstage in front of other employees, were supposed to be punishment for poor performance.
You're trapped in space.
Less intense, warmer-colored lights are better, the medical group says.
Join us beginning at 7 p.m. ET to watch Neko Case, k.d. lang and Laura Veirs perform their new album.
The president of the International Olympic Committee says there's still a way Russian track athletes could compete in Rio this summer.
A vote by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union would create uncertainty for companies that do business in Europe, corporate officials say.
The South Pole is currently in a state of perpetual darkness and is around -70 degrees Fahrenheit.
"It scares the hell out of me sometimes, but the fear of vulnerability is part of the price of real connection," writes commentator and author Sarah Hepola.
The closets are stuffed; the drawers are cluttered. You've got things stashed away in self storage. And it's just costing you too much money. Does this describe you? If so, email NPRcrowdsource@npr.org with the subject line "stuff," and we may contact you for a story.
Office ice skating! How does ice form and why is it slippery? NPR's Joe Palca of Joe's Big Idea and Maddie Sofia explain the science of ice in today's Live Lab. Watch ice crystals form instantly -- and stick around to see Joe Palca ice skate through NPR.
The researchers don't think the meals themselves cause doctors to prescribe more of a drug, but rather the time they spend interacting with drug reps when they drop off those meals.
Play along with NPR's Ask Me Another live:
Schools seem to be expecting more of their youngest students academically, while giving them less time to spend in self-directed and creative play.
Exactly 52 years ago today, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner disappeared after working to register black voters. They were later discovered shot to death.
Researchers even engineered the patties so they smell like real meat.
Bill Chappell talks with NPR's John Ydstie about the economics of craft beer, an area that's seen explosive growth. And we talk with Newscast's Korva Coleman for updates on today's headlines.
When it comes to a popular work-messaging app, "just between you and me" may not be as private as you think.
One abortion provider in Houston has not been able to find a successor. He says that's because younger doctors don't want to deal with the politics and protesters.
It's like speed dating, but for states or cities seeking global investors. At an investment summit in Washington, D.C., NPR's Senior Business Editor Marilyn Geewax asks Ohio leaders if economic development directors are worried about whether an anti-trade fever will hurt them.
Trump has myriad problems, including a lack of policy depth, a dereliction of facts and an overall message that has offended lots of voters he didn't have to worry about in a nearly all-white Republican primary.
Clark wrote hits for Reba McEntire, Miranda Lambert, LeAnn Rimes and Kacey Musgraves before she put her own name on an album. Her songs here project gentle humor and warmth.
"Our greatest goal is for people to recognize that the mixed experience is very much the American experience," the festival's founder says. "We really are all part of the same story."
"You interview young people, and they tend to be quite aware of social issues and environmental issues. But if you push a bit harder, it's a lot of talk, but not always action."
Sandford, who had a British driver's license when arrested, had arrived in Las Vegas the day before and spent some time at a shooting range learning how to use a gun.
What country loves the EU the most? Possibly this tiny country, sandwiched between France and Germany and often invaded in their past conflicts.
A smart toddler can navigate an iPhone, manipulating more bits of data than a telegraph operator encountered in a lifetime. But that doesn't make us more sophisticated than our predecessors.
Clinton's campaign has 30 times as much cash on hand as Trump's. Ben Carson's campaign has more cash on hand than Trump's, and he's been out of the race since March 4.
A beloved Egyptian leader stunned the public with a simple statement: His grandson has autism.
For adults, Zika usually causes only a brief rash, fever, joint pain or red eyes; many don't get symptoms at all. So far, this is also what doctors have seen in babies and older kids.
On one way she relates to Kimmy Schmidt: "My husband ... he's constantly stunned by what I don't know, what I missed out on. He's like, 'What were you doing during your teen years?' And I always say, 'I was hanging out with friends! Because I was well adjusted.' "
Behind every number, there is a story.
The new transcript of the gunman's 911 call includes his pledge of allegiance to ISIS. Initially, the FBI released a partial record of the call.
It's a two-day camp at the beach, but the kids never touch the water. Instead they share their hopes and notions of North Korea.
New York City high school students, inspired by "Hamilton," are rapping and re-enacting their own history lessons.
A number of officers are accused of having sex with a teenager; others allegedly sent racist texts.
Warning for those of you who watched basketball instead: This post discusses Sunday night's episode of Game of Thrones.
If fish can experience pain, recognize people and have memory, the author argues, then we should reconsider how  we catch and farm them.
Venezuela's groceries have little on the shelves, but many are being ransacked by hungry, frustrated protesters anyway.
The solar-powered plane is attempting to circumnavigate the Earth. This current leg — from New York to Spain — is expected to last four days.
Your old Costco AmEx card won't work anymore — at Costco or anywhere else.
A lower court had decided that banning semiautomatic "assault weapons" and large-capacity magazines does not violate the Second Amendment.
"Suited" is about more than fashion for non-conformists. It's people figuring out how to live comfortably as themselves, writes NPR's Linda Holmes.
"To be clear, preschool suspension just shouldn't be a thing for any kid."
Actor/activist George Takei and Mathew Rodriguez of Mic talk with NPR's Latino USA's Maria Hinojosa about what is missing from the national discussion of the Orlando shooting and its impact on the LGBTQ community.
The measures aimed to expand background checks and limit purchases by those on terrorism watch lists.
This party could last for days.
The gunman spoke to police negotiators for nearly 30 minutes during the three-hour attack.
The suspense over the new Potter story is about more than magic. It's about money, lots of it, writes NPR's Lynn Neary.
The Senate votes today on four gun control measures: What's on the table, and what could happen next? Camila Domonoske chats with Ailsa Chang about the Senate's plans, after checking in with newscaster Giles Snyder for a look at the day's top headlines.
The shocking move appears to be a reaction to the presumptive GOP nominee's sagging poll numbers.
The Avetts' songwriting is suffused with belief in redemption — an understanding that heartbreak makes us stronger.
So much for not discussing politics in polite company: A quarter of employers say there's more political volatility at the office this year.
So many  displaced -- and so few have found a place to resettle.
When lead was taken out of products like paint and gasoline, levels of the metal in the blood of U.S. children dropped. But the American Academy of Pediatrics says the problem is not over.
The power of internships and relationships: "As a young person approaches adulthood they should spend more time out in the real world."
From our archives: Andrew Carnegie was once a dirt-poor kid, then he became the richest man in the world, then he gave it all away -- $60 million to fund a system of 1,689 public libraries across the U.S.
Comedian Kevin Hart says there are just some things he won't joke about: "I kind of stay away from the gay community and joking and referencing, or slandering in any way, shape or form. ... I have nothing but respect and admiration for that community."
The trio — all of whom are accomplished solo singers in their own right — had a lot to learn from each other. And sometimes, those lessons included two-hour debates over the word "love" in one song.
It's reportedly "one of the biggest demonstrations in two decades" against the U.S. military bases on the island.
Led by hometown star LeBron James, who won MVP honors for the third time in his career, the Cavaliers became the first team in NBA history to overcome a 3-1 game deficit and win the championship.
VIDEO: In case you missed it, as this Father's Day winds down, here's a must watch daddy-daughter moment. It's all kinds of adorable.
For seven decades, the family-owned business chronicled both the highest aspirations and deepest frustrations of African Americans through its iconic lifestyle magazines.
When Georgia Gootee examines the journals she wrote as a 15-year-old, she sympathizes with her younger flailing self.
How can he possibly forgive the man who killed his daughter? The answer is simple, he says: "Love. Love, mami. Love."
Brandon Vandenburg, 23, reportedly "showed no emotion as the verdict was delivered."
Reporter Julie McCarthy poses the question: "But did he opt out or was he forced out?"
"I don't have any money to give, but I can spread love and I can spread hope."
Stanford law professor and bioethicist Hank Greely predicts that in the future most people in developed countries won't have sex to make babies.
"The woman charged the animal, yanked away one of its paws and discovered her son's whole head was in its mouth."
On this Father's Day, the Sugars tackle a question from a new father worried about passing on "self-hating" feelings to his daughter.
"Growing up, I couldn't imagine a special day for mothers or fathers. Whatever for?"
The scene of the massacre didn't just happen in any nightclub. It was a gay club. On Latin night. About half the victims were of Puerto Rican descent. Others had roots in Mexico, Cuba, Venezuela, Guatemala and the Dominican Republic.
In Volume 1, a girl finds a cat. (900 pages.)  In Volume 2, the girl and the cat eat a meal. (About 800 pages.) In Volume 3, the girl tries to find a name for the cat. Can't.   And, in the words of our critic, "reading it rewires your brain."
There's a new way we could organize the world's addresses, in groups of three words. Address your letters to President Obama at sulk.held.raves. Or visit NPR HQ at dreams.caves.miss. Find out your new address!
Just because Dory is cute in the movie doesn't mean families should buy Pacific blue tang fish.
Sure, it's Father's Day, but don't forget the time-tested tips passed down from the maternal side.
On this day in 1865, enslaved people in Galveston, Texas, finally received word of the Emancipation Proclamation.
Social norms determine much of our behavior — how we dress, talk, eat and even what we feel. http://n.pr/1tAP6UP  After you've read the story, come back and tell us some of the cultural norms you've experienced and how it might've affected your health.
Trump clinched his party's nomination a full month before Clinton did the same. But he spent much of May campaigning in states that won't help him win the votes he needs in November.
Here are three stories our staffers thought you might enjoy today.
In case you're a dad and no one has told you yet, "Happy Father's Day!"  Researchers say men are biologically wired to be fathers -- and children are innately and uniquely responsive to their fathers.
Here's another gem from our archives in honor of Father's Day. Coburn Dukehart (formerly from NPR's multimedia department) brought together two generations of Irish artists for a beautiful radio, video and written documentary of their story and shared the memories that were made in the process.
A new retrospective at the Whitney is the museum's way of saying: It's time to pay attention to June Leaf.
As we celebrate Father's Day, here's a gem from our archives featuring a trio of dads from India sharing their thoughts about fatherhood.
This past week, Amony traveled to New York for a meeting on how to help women and girls in conflict. Read on for more of her powerful story of fortitude.
Happy Father's Day! For the occasion one of our producers David Luke, father of David Luke III, put together a special edition of "Microphone Check," a compilation of times when musicians we interviewed spoke about fatherhood. Guests include Danny Brown, Killer Mike and father figures via NPR Hip-Hop. It's OK to cry.
Dickinson is known for living a quiet, reclusive life but she was also an avid botanist — and her museum is hoping that, by recreating the grounds where she lived, her fans will gain new insight into her inspiration.
Daddy's Girl No More thinks her rejection of her father's control led to her family falling apart. What do you think of the advice from the Sugars?
The event also featured a touching pregame video tribute from both teams in memory of the Orlando mass shooting victims. You can watch it by clicking on the media/tweet in this story.
This makes Canada "one of the few nations where doctors can legally help sick people die."
Trump is considering bucking tradition and speaking each night of the convention -- and not even at the convention, but in battleground states.
The mourning process reminds those who love to dance together that to gather on a dance floor is to open one's arms to life. NPR Music asked 11 writers to share the club song that changed their lives.
Last month Gov. Peter Shumlin signed a bill into law that adds vasectomies to the list of procedures covered by health insurance in Vermont.
"You don't want to just be there. Just say 'Oh, I was in the Games.' You want to continue making history."
The interim governor says the state's government is bankrupt and can't meet its financial committments.
It's an uneasy question about the identity voyages we're watching today—how does a new label, even a new body, relate to the same old self?
Intelligence officials and investigators say they're "becoming increasingly convinced that the motive for this attack had very little — or maybe nothing — to do with ISIS."
This detailed observation of student work is the focus of a professional development method for teachers called lesson study, popular in Japan and gaining traction in the U.S.
NPR's summer entertainment guide is here!
Malcolm Graham describes what it was like to lose "the glue" that held his family together.
Mass shooters searching for news of and posting on social media about their acts shouldn't surprise us.  As clinical psychologist and digital culture expert Sherry Turkle says, "... so much of our experience of affirming who we are has become sharing what we're doing ..."
A lot of the Trump U strategies sound like they were pulled straight from the playbooks of those for-profit colleges. But is that a fair comparison?
What followed Trump's question was an exercise in Gay GIF (and Vines, and stills) Magic that let the LGBT community speak for itself, when politicians could be seen as using gays and lesbians as political props.
Here's a question: Should you put on sunscreen first, then mosquito repellent? Or vice versa?
The American Beverage Association, which has already spent more than $4.2 million to fight the tax in Philadelphia, now says it will take legal action to stop the tax.
Her grandparents were vegetarian out of fear of eating reincarnated ancestors. Her father, out of compassion for animals and X-Files-inspired thinking. But it wasn't so great for family unity.
To Dr. Corsa, the shoes serve as a reminder, "not of the terrible things that happened, but of the good that came from them."
Many sailors have complained about the pollution and debris in the water where they will be racing. But it's also a long-term problem that's cost some fishermen their lives.
"If we didn't have a vote scheduled on the Feinstein proposal, I don't think we would have people scurrying around trying to find potential compromises," says Democrat Chris Murphy, who led Wednesday's 15-hour talk-a-thon.
Rep. Gwen Moore's proposal is an implicit counterpunch to Republican-backed laws requiring people to undergo drug tests before receiving public assistance.
"Most of the excitement is feeling the freedom of being set free of this classification system that I do not agree with," Jamie Shupe says.
Scientists and winemakers are now recognizing that part of what makes a wine-growing region special may be its resident microbes – its bacteria and fungi.
Though it hasn't been easy running a high-end restaurant in the war-torn territory, founder Basil Eleiwa says it's his way of helping society. "I feel my value here. All of these projects I started in Gaza employ people."
After she was freed from Joseph Kony's rebel soldiers, people asked her, "Why didn't you return sooner?" They just don't understand, she says.
"We were aware that in this part of the world our safety was never guaranteed."  — Activist Bisi Alimi
Alessio Bax plays the piano with aplomb. His little toddler plays with her Cookie Monster toy ... with equal aplomb.  Watch the full Tiny Desk concert via NPR Music: http://n.pr/1YysWxC
One seller says his shirts don't cross a line: "Freedom of speech, baby."
Some would-be participants are debating whether to attend upcoming Pride events, but police around the country say there will be increased security.
This superPAC is insisting that Donald Trump "release his official hand measurements."
Gabriel said the song was inspired in part by Muhammad Ali's life and struggles.
If you are an international adoptee, and you've got a story about food, home and identity, we want to hear from you.
In court, one survivor told the former Auschwitz guard:  "Mr Hanning, we are virtually the same age and soon we will face our final judge. I would like to ask you to tell the historical truth here, just as I am. Tell the truth about what you and your colleagues did."
Want to have your say in the possible creation of a state? Constitutional convention meetings are now convening.
A question on many Missouri newcomers' minds.
A small section of downtown Nashville, now booming with tourists, had a different name for 100 years — one that paints an unflattering picture of the past.
"You could definitely fall over with all the turns back and forth. If you're reading a newspaper, or texting, you're gonna eat it."
The heat could be lethal in parts of the country this weekend.
Philadelphia's Soda Tax: Philly made history yesterday when it became the first major U.S. city to pass a tax on sugary drinks and artificially sweetened drinks. Big Soda had spent big bucks on ads to sway public opinion against the tax. NPR's Allison Aubrey and Maria Godoy discuss.
She started performing onstage because, as a person with Tourette's, it was the only seat in a theater that she couldn't be asked to leave.
A window into the difficulty of regulating access to a type of weapon frequently used in mass shootings:
When he returned from Iraq, he struggled to keep his life together -- but it was his son who helped him see things through.

Wait -- what were we talking about??
The largest joint Western military exercise in more than 20 years "is what deterrence is all about," says the U.S. Army Europe commander.
NPR's Code Switch editor Tasneem Raja talks to Sarah Blazucki from the NLGJA - The Association of LGBT Journalists about preferred terms for talking about gender and sexuality.
The ban comes after reports of state-sponsored doping.
After these stony, stoic, self-reliant oil-rig workers learned to share their emotions, Shell saw an 84 percent decline in its accident rate.
Michigan Rep. Fred Upton, who has served in Congress since 1987, joins a list of Republicans who won't endorse Trump.
As global warming causes coral reef bleaching, is there anything humans can do to help local fish populations? Camila Domonoske checks in with newscaster Korva Coleman for a look at today's top news, then talks with science correspondent Christopher Joyce about a new study on "bright spots" in the world's coral reefs.
It's unusual for so many officials to sign on to such a cable.
Picture many thousands of mice let loose on a Massachusetts island in an effort to fight Lyme disease.
Our cold-weather neighbor sends us more tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers than we send the other way.
So far, in 13 states, this group has helped pass legislation to block domestic abusers from owning a gun.   In some contests the group has outspent the NRA and won.
The onus is on local election officials; there's no national voter database.
Don't lock your children indoors for a summer of video games just yet.
"[It] looks at nature as an indifferent entity," Hozier says of his song for Legend of Tarzan. "Although it's very beautiful, it's also horrendously brutal at the same time."
What they knew about chickens could fit in an eggcup with room to spare.
"Everybody can relate to what that means to try to find out where you came from, what happened to you, how'd you get there."
How do you save a dying forest? Call in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park vegetation crew — and a tiny beetle.
Asked what men attending the United State of Women summit could do, the first lady replied, "Be better."
This is what passes for good news about coral reefs these days.
When ingredients like butter and pork got scarce, "Cuba's Julia Child" taught her compatriots to cook with food from that morning's market.
"She thought that by being polite and using her manners, the search would be quicker."
As the NBA Finals wind down, some minor-league players dream of making it in the big time.
"Through their pain and through their tears, they told us about the joy that their loved ones had brought to their lives."
He was known by many monikers: the East Area Rapist, the Original Night Stalker, the Diamond Knot Killer, the Golden State Killer.  Now police are renewing the quest to discover his real name.
"What we need is a cinnamon roll revolution."
The new tax will hit thousands of products with added sugar or artificial sweetener.
"I think we'll actually see a world where most babies born to people with good health coverage will be conceived in the lab."
As Britain awaits results, here's a helpful explainer on Brexit.
One of the foremost experts on polling in Britain estimated voter turnout for the E.U. referendum at 72%.   Follow our live blog for the latest results and updates.
And with the third pick, the NBA draft could officially begin.
The move by YouTube puts it into more direct competition with players like Netflix and traditional cable networks.
"I think there are going to be some parties tonight in high school counseling offices and in college admissions offices."
A prime place to see watermelon snow? A glacier in Svalbard "where there are no worries about what happens back home."
The first few days of Costco's new alliance with Visa has turned into a customer service fiasco.
Just after sunrise in southern China, staff photographer Josh Haner is flying a drone over the Li River and the dramatic karst landscape of the Guilin National Park.
A summertime recipe for one of "the finest dishes of the Italian diaspora in America." Thanks, Sam Sifton!
"The Supreme Court lets immigrants down once again," Luba Cortés writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
A decade ago, hyperinflation led to a $100 trillion note. That's 100,000,000,000,000 Zimbabwean dollars.
Corey Lewandowski is joining CNN as a political commentator.
Damian Lewis, the British actor you may know from "Homeland" or "Billions" is talking with New York Times reporter Cara Buckley about his new movie "Our Kind of Traitor" and his career on stage and screen.
An American woman converted to Judaism with an Orthodox rabbi. When she tried to marry in Israel, her status as a Jew was rejected.
Minutes after the polls closed in most of Britain, YouGov released results of its final poll on the E.U. referendum.
"If you like seeing things that the government does not want you to see, you'll probably enjoy Dan Barry's piece on the agency that oversees boxing and mixed martial arts in New York." —Jason Stallman, Sports Editor
"I have gone back to the pure joy of what I feel when I dance."   At 53, the ballerina Alessandra Ferri will return to the The Metropolitan Opera House stage on Thursday night.  Photo: Nicole Bengiveno/The New York Times
From The New York Times Opinion Section: How much collateral damage could Donald J. Trump inflict on the Republican Party?
It's hard to blame the British for casting an envious eye on Switzerland. But Switzerland's independence from the European Union may be "an illusion."
"A ddylai'r Deyrnas Unedig ddal i fod yn aelod o'r Undeb Ewropeaidd?"
Here's what the Supreme Court decided on immigration and affirmative action today and what it means.
Zim Ugochukwu, who founded Travel Noire, is sharing her best travel tips with The New York Times Styles.
Jimmy Page and Robert Plant of Led Zeppelin Official said they were grateful the jury confirmed "what we have known for 45 years."
"When a woman helps another woman, they both benefit. And when women celebrate one another's accomplishments, we're all lifted up," write Sheryl Sandberg and Adam Grant in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Chris Mosier has long been an advocate for LGBT people in sports.  Posing nude for ESPN The Magazine felt like another form of activism: "It is a great opportunity to break the misconceptions or stereotypes people have about trans bodies."
There are 2 basic options for cases left on the docket this term if the justices are deadlocked at 4 to 4.
The unusually fierce tornado catapulted cars, ginkgo trees and cellphone towers through the air. Authorities are still trying to make sense of the high death toll.
For one day and night, the hottest cable drama was on C-SPAN.
As many as 5 million unauthorized immigrants could have potentially benefited from President Barack Obama's plan.
Today's Supreme Court defeat will force President Barack Obama to finish his term without securing the major progress he promised to millions of Latino immigrants living under the threat of deportation.
Britons will make a momentous choice on Thursday. Portraits of a nation contemplating a Brexit: http://nyti.ms/28OT5Sw  Photos: Adam Ferguson for The New York Times
A look at the news right now.  Learn more about these stories at nytimes.com.
When Paul Ryan left the speaker's chair, Democrats shouted: "Shame! Shame! Shame!"
A masked, armed assailant attacked a movie theater in Viernheim, Germany, and was killed by elite police units that stormed the building.
Breaking News: A Baltimore police officer who drove the van in which Freddie Gray rode before he died was acquitted of all charges.
Breaking News: A Supreme Court tie leaves President Barack Obama's plan to shield millions of immigrants from deportation blocked.
Breaking News: The Supreme Court rejected a challenge to race-conscious admissions in Texas — a major win for affirmative action supporters.
The police said they recovered 5 pistols, an AR-15 assault rifle and a 12-gauge shotgun.
The post-Stonewall, pre-AIDS '70s was a singular time in gay history.
Britain decides today whether to leave or stay in the European Union. We're in Tunbridge Wells, a town south of London, with Alison Smale of The New York Times, a Briton who has spent decades living on the European continent. Let us know what you think in the comments.
"Sand is the essential ingredient that makes modern life possible. And we are starting to run out." Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Britons will make a momentous choice today that could matter more for their future than any ordinary election: whether to leave or stay in the European Union.
If your arguments often escalate to hollering, you might consider a checkup with a cardiologist.
Alessandra Ferri was 21 when she danced the role of Juliet. At 53, she's doing it again.
Mashed potatoes have another gear.
An internal investigation by the U.S. Marine Corps has concluded that for more than 70 years it wrongly identified one of the men in the iconic photograph of the flag being raised over Iwo Jima during one of the bloodiest battles of World War II.
Daily Briefing: Here's what you need to know today.
Afghan interpreters risked their lives for American troops. Now Congress is preparing to abandon them. Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Cleveland and Philadelphia are preparing for the possibility that anger may spill into the streets during the conventions.
Donald J. Trump's business interests still drive his schedule.
Why do younger men feel more comfortable talking about growing old?
How much do you know about Brexit and the EU?
Britain is voting Thursday on whether to remain a member of the European Union. Follow our live blog for the latest updates.
"Led by Boris Johnson, British news media have been smearing the European Union for decades," Martin Fletcher writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Europe has a 2-tiered refugee policy and the results are deadly. Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
"The betting is just massive."
"The Chinese are getting good at building these computers, and it's a competitive issue now for U.S. industry and national security."
Iraqi forces liberating Falluja are finding beheaded bodies, apocalyptic streetscapes and clumps of hair from fighters who shaved to blend in with fleeing civilians.
American Psycho - The Musical met a gruesome end.  Tuck Everlasting was not immortal.  Bright Star: A New Musical ran out of fuel.  And Disaster - On Broadway proved to be — well, you can finish that one yourself.
"Donald J. Trump is not just razing the standards of civil language, but of civility itself" Robert Zaretsky writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
An enormous model of Noah's ark is rising in Kentucky. Ken Ham, the man behind it, wants to use the boat to promote a version of history at odds with science.
Updated: A Democratic sit-in on the House floor demanding votes on gun-control legislation led to a remarkable scene of pandemonium as Speaker Paul Ryan was shouted down when he tried to regain control.  Read more: http://nyti.ms/28OTyqu  Photo: Representative John Yarmuth, via Associated Press
Hillary Clinton gave this message: I alone am the candidate who knows how to turn those underlying frustrations into actual policies that might make things better.
"I do think she really likes Dad and maybe even cares for him. But I also think she sees a payoff."
Paul Ryan finally presented the GOP's substitute for a repealed health law.
Bernie Sanders told C-SPAN in an interview that he most likely would not be the Democratic presidential nominee.
The Panama Canal, an artery nourishing the world economy, is getting an upgrade. Things are not going as planned. http://nyti.ms/28NBXxH
College students have come to act as customers — the ones who are always right, the ones who are entitled to satisfaction.
Rachel Maddow, Andy Cohen and others recall what gay bars meant to them as they began to embrace their sexuality.
To preserve his privacy, Daniel Radcliffe keeps away from social media platforms. He's never tried online dating; he doesn't Instagram his meals.
Mark Zuckerberg covers his laptop camera with tape. Is it paranoia, or just good practice?
Sports Alert: Derrick Rose is coming to New York. The New York Knicks have acquired the Chicago Bulls point guard to form their own Big 3.
Walt Disney World and Disneyland promise escape from the real world. After an alligator attack and the Orlando shooting, Disney has to work harder to pull that off.
Judy Garland, who died 47 years ago today, never found peace of mind.
The TSA hoped PreCheck would solve the problem of those long lines at airport security. It has not worked as planned.
They've embraced the existence of a third gender (neither male nor female) as part of life. But the bathroom debate has posed a challenge.
New York City passed legislation that will make menstrual products available where they're desperately needed, and the rest of the world should follow, Nicholas Kristof writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Until now, infectious cancer was seen as something of a fluke in the natural world. Now scientists wonder if it could be more widespread.
LeBron James could win more NBA championships. But whatever comes next won't be as meaningful.
The $3.1 billion expansion of the Panama Canal is one of the world's biggest and most important construction projects. It's not going as planned.
Dozens of Democrats plunked down on the floor of the House, effectively halting any legislative activity as they chanted, "No bill, no break!"
Donald J. Trump delivered a scathing attack on Hillary Clinton's record, accusing her of being a "world-class liar" and incompetent.
The Cassini spacecraft is dancing toward death — and Saturn — and NASA wants to make sure it doesn't take any alien life with it.
Live from London on the eve of Britain's referendum, The New York Times Opinion Section is talking about Brexit with op-ed columnist Roger Cohen.  You can read his column on Jo Cox and Britain's place in Europe here: http://nyti.ms/28MBMDY
We fact-checked Donald J. Trump's speech, in which he went after Hillary Clinton's record.
"If anyone should be concerned about protecting the individual right to bear arms, it's LGBT people." Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Will your team make the Round of 16 as a third-place team in UEFA EURO 2016? Group play is almost over and we're here to help you make sense of it all.
An eatery in Mexico is selling Donald J. Trump tacos. They are made with a little cow brain, some pig snout and a lot of tongue.
She was a track star who doped. He was an anti-doping officer. They got married, nearly divorced and then blew the whistle on Russia's state-run doping program.
Many Donald J. Trump supporters don't take his promises literally.
"Essentially, we  believe if you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, you are too dangerous to buy a gun," one senator said.
One reason: Hillary Clinton needs to improve her standing with white male voters.
Ice cream for breakfast. Yoga on a boat. A strawberry moon.   We asked you to document the first day of summer. Here's what you saw.
Republicans worry that they have a historic loser on their hands.  Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Standing up while working can help you burn about 8 or 9 extra calories per hour. That's all.
"After speaking with those closest to me, I've come to realize that my health, and my family's health, comes before anything else," Rory McIlroy said.
"A man is in a shop and thinks about stealing an object," said a lawyer who has defended several terror suspects. "What do you do? You put him in jail?"
Juma was shot after she moved toward a soldier, the military said.
Daily Briefing: Here's what you need to know today.
He was in prison for plotting an acid attack on a rival. Now Pavel V. Dmitrichenko, a dancer, hopes to return to the stage.
Kosta Karageorge hid his concussion symptoms because he thought it was the manly thing to do. On the night he went missing, the Ohio State Buckeyes wrestler and football player texted those closest to him, opening up about his pain and saying his goodbyes.
Brexit would bring about a lengthy political and legal mess.
"We don't know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, she's been in the public eye for years and years, and yet there's no — there's nothing out there," Donald J. Trump said.
They are men who seemed to be building toward violent acts, and whose names had surfaced in terrorism investigations, but who avoided tipping off the authorities until it was too late.
"Jo Cox's legacy should be an open Britain in the European Union," Roger Cohen writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
An under-the-radar museum has become one of the most influential contemporary institutions in the country, if not the world.
Long before Falluja was known the world over for deadly jihadists, it was known all over Iraq for its kebab.
"David Cameron, the British prime minister, has no one to blame but himself."
Sweden was once one of the most welcoming countries for refugees. Now that's changing.
Associate salaries at big law firms are on the rise, and that news has brought a fresh round of law school bashing.
Angelika Graswald asked an investigator who "Miranda" was — after she had been read her Miranda rights, according to testimony.
So much for an upset. Argentina crushed the U.S. in the Copa América Centenario 2016 semifinal. Lionel Messi scored on a stunning free kick.
Oh, hello.  Recipe: http://nyti.ms/28MC2DZ  Photo: Andrew Scrivani for The New York Times
Anton Yelchin's death casts a spotlight on why Fiat Chrysler has still not come up with a fix for the problem with Jeeps.
This author calls gerrymandering ... well, a word we won't print in The New York Times Books.
Steve King moved to block the Treasury Department's sweeping plan to represent women and civil rights leaders on U.S. currency.
Are Hillary Clinton's conclusions about Donald J. Trump's economic policies accurate or fear-mongering? Here's how to think about it.
"White Trash" — about crackers and squatters, rednecks and hillbillies — will have you squirming in your chair.
Just hours after the music at the Orlando nightclub was interrupted by gunfire, Carvin Casillas peered across his dinner table.   "Dad," he said, "I'm kind of gay."
Across Venezuela, cities are erupting in protests and looting over food shortages. Nick Casey, The New York Times's Andes bureau chief, provides a view from the ground.
Donald J. Trump has "written a lot of books about business. They all seem to end at Chapter 11," Hillary Clinton said.
Days before Prince died, "his eyes fixed," and he lost consciousness on a plane. Judith Hill was by his side that night.
Refreshing with a kick.
If you're watching "UnREAL," what do you think of this season so far?
Are you smarter than a New York Times reporter? Play along with our quiz and find out, as we try to guess which common words and phrases are trademarked. We'll start with a very common two-word phrase that AT&T is being sued for using.
The plaintiffs said the Starbucks drinks were underfilled by about 25% of their advertised sizes: 12, 16 and 20 ounces.
Donald J. Trump has less money at this point in the election than any other recent major-party presidential candidate.
The average death toll in terror attacks is close to zero.
When should you give up on a marriage for good? That's up for debate.  Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Donald J. Trump regularly boasts that he is self-funding his presidential bid. He's also shifting plenty of money back to himself in the process.
You've likely seen it at the mall: it's longer-in-back, slightly–shorter-in-front. It's "mom hair." (via The New York Times Styles)
For when you don't want to turn on your oven.
As play continues for Czech Republic vs. Turkey and Croatia vs. Spain, follow real-time updates on how teams can advance to the UEFA EURO CUP 2016 knockout round.
Your banking password may be about to expire — forever.
With little money and big dreams, unaccompanied minors from Africa travel to the Spanish enclave of Melilla. There, they wait in limbo. http://nyti.ms/28LG7dI  Photo: Guillem Valle/MeMo
Hillary Clinton skewered Donald J. Trump's economic proposals in a speech on Tuesday.
Will those free ticket vouchers from the Ticketmaster lawsuit really get you anything?
In 2000, detectives reportedly screamed at him, banged on the table and told him he would be going to prison for the rest of his life. Finally, the eighth-grade student confessed.  In 2014, new DNA tests helped lead to his release after 13 years in prison. Now he's suing the police and the city of Denver.
While you're watching Ukraine on the field during UEFA EURO 2016, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
While you're watching Northern Ireland on the field during UEFA EURO 2016, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
While you're watching Germany on the field during UEFA EURO 2016, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
While you're watching Poland on the field during UEFA EURO 2016, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
Jo Cox never had a chance to respond when her killer reportedly shouted "Britain First." But in a sense, she already had. Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
"It would be nice to have some help from the party," Donald J. Trump said on NBC's Today Show.
You'll sometimes run from your guests.
College campuses are struggling to balance respectful discussions about race and diversity with holding open conversations on controversial topics. Nicholas Christakis of Yale University, Annette Gordon-Reed of Harvard Law School and Marvin Krislov, president of Oberlin College, are talking with Nikole Hannah-Jones of The New York Times Magazine about the best framework for frank — and potentially explosive — conversations on campus?
"There are kids I don't recruit because I see their social media," one coach said.
Michael Jordan and LeBron James are finally and forever connected by a historic cause.
"What am I going to tell 49 grieving families?" one senator asked. "I am going to tell them the NRA won again."
Inside the Republican Party's identity crisis.
Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig and the rest of the squad discuss the controversy around the all-female take on Ghostbusters.
Donald J. Trump's style of playground humor is appealing to people (specifically, white men) who are feeling that they aren't in on the joke. Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Daily Briefing: Here's what you need to know today.
Hillary Clinton plans to portray Donald J. Trump as an uncaring and unscrupulous businessman whose policies would lead to a new financial crisis.
The annual Yulin Lychee and Dog Meat Festival draws condemnation from animal rights supporters. But its supporters say the food pairing is all about energy and balance.
If regional leaders fail to take a strong and united stand against President Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela's crisis can only be expected to grow. Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
When ignorance and power join forces, history itself can be erased.  (via The New York Times Opinion Section)
Israel devised a 400-mile wall to thwart attacks. Smugglers see a business opportunity.
Mother: "We should look after our own first. Charity begins at home." Daughter: "But we are all people! We should help each other."
The greenish brown color helped discourage smokers in Australia.
More working-age men have dropped out of the labor force in the U.S. Why are France and other advanced nations not having similar problems?
One man has championed a 20-inch-by-24-inch Polaroid, so big and irredeemably analog that it feels, he says, "as if we're pulling oil paintings out of the back of it."
"Children of tomorrow will have no understanding of the English language," an Apple's senior vice president said jokingly.
Just as delicious as you think it would be.
Uber's money-grab is seemingly part of an unspoken strategy to mark its territory.
Breaking News: Donald J. Trump faces the worst financial disadvantage in recent presidential history: $1.3 million on hand to Hillary Clinton's $42 million.
"The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story" and "O.J.: Made in America" are two of the most astonishing television series of the year, James Poniewozik writes.
"The Supreme Court issued a terrible Fourth Amendment ruling. In a powerful dissent, Justice Sonia Sotomayor took it apart," the Editorial Board argues in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Guns. Gay rights. Islamic extremism. Immigration. Latinos. Orlando is more than our preferred family vacation destination. Orlando is these fractured United States. Orlando is us.
Coach Steve Kerr's anxiety was so pronounced that over the final weeks of the Golden State Warriors' season "slippage" became one of his favorite words.
Why is Hillary Clinton holding up so well against Donald J. Trump? Read on from Paul Krugman in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Angelika Graswald said she felt "trapped" and had withheld her fiancé's paddle after his kayak capsized, an investigator testified.
The Senate on Monday failed to advance 4 separate measures aimed at curbing gun sales, the latest display of congressional inaction after a mass shooting.  Read more: http://nyti.ms/28JWNlK
Think Donald J. Trump vs. Hillary Clinton vs. Bernie Sanders is unpredictable? Consider the election of 1936.
"This case tells everyone, white and black, guilty and innocent, that an officer can verify your legal status at any time," Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in a fiery dissent. "It says that your body is subject to invasion while courts excuse the violation of your rights. It implies that you are not a citizen of a democracy but the subject of a carceral state, just waiting to be cataloged."
Have you finished Season 4 of "Orange Is the New Black"? Samira Wiley talks about Poussey's big episode, written by her girlfriend Lauren Morelli.
Today is the first day of summer. Here, a child in South Williamsburg, Brooklyn, ducked from the afternoon sun.  Photo: George Etheredge/The New York Times
Looking for something to watch this week? Look no further. (via NYT Watching)
A summer comfort hit.
Get some tips for performing at your peak. We're at the Higher Ed Leaders Forum, where two experts on maximizing performance and motivation are sharing the latest findings.   The Times's Charles Duhigg is talking with Amy Cuddy of the Harvard Business School and Carol S. Dweck of Stanford University. Please leave questions in the comments, and the panelists will be happy to answer them.
On Monday, we talked to the man behind the most hated villain on "Game of Thrones." (Spoilers ahead.)
Breaking News: The 2015 Jeep Grand Cherokee that killed the actor Anton Yelchin was a model that had been recalled.
Do you love sweetness checked by a little heat? Do you love dinner that's ready in just a few minutes? The New York Times Food has the dish for you.
Here's what you need to know about Brexit.
An oppressive heat wave has been blamed for the deaths of four hikers in Arizona.
The Islamic State's control has been shaped by about 126 places — cities, towns, infrastructure and bases — where it has had military dominance.
As play continues for Slovakia vs. England and Russia vs. Wales, follow real-time updates on how teams can advance to the UEFA EURO knockout round.
The children had asked if it was safe to take a boat trip at a time when storms were forecast with winds up to 45 miles per hour.
Care for some live music and a local craft beer?
When members of Westboro Baptist Church protested the funeral of an Orlando shooting victim, the community responded with messages of peace. http://nyti.ms/28Jd1pY
The English have (kind of) been here before.
Watch corals in their procreative dance, a spectacular event that happens once a year after the full moon. http://nyti.ms/28Jluym
Nearly ¼ of preschoolers in America have tooth decay. Catherine Saint Louis is talking with Dr. Eyal Simchi about preventing cavities in children, and a pain-free alternative to drilling and filling.
You can now get a degree in "comedic arts." Seriously. There's no punchline here.
Roy Cohn was once New York's most feared lawyer. But there was one client who occupied a special place in his famously cold heart: Donald J. Trump.
Barely had the shooting stopped when a furious battle to claim the victims began.
"The newest T-shirt in town is 'Believeland, Ohio.'" Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
"I came back for a reason," LeBron James said. "I came back to bring a championship to our city."
A U.S. Senate panel has asked officials at the world doping watchdog to explain its handling of the Russia case.
Smokers may not realize they have lung damage, because tests can fail to detect it.
VW's ex-CEO is being investigated in Germany. He's the first top manager named as a suspect in an emissions scandal.
No, not to lose weight.
Breaking News: Donald J. Trump is replacing his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, as he prepares for a tough general election race.
A trauma center in Orlando staged a large-scale "active shooter scenario" in March. The Pulse shooting turned that drill into reality.
In the U.S. and Britain, a relatively normal electoral process became seized with populist nationalism, the Editorial Board writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
"This myth that handwriting is just a motor skill is just plain wrong."
Suggesting that Donald J. Trump and the Republicans would best serve the LGBT community is absurd on many levels. Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Breaking News: 3 New York City police officials have been arrested in a significant widening of the inquiry into the mayor's fund-raising.
There's much for Hillary Clinton to consider in a vice-presidential pick: competence, agreement on policy, geography, chemistry: "It can't be an arranged marriage with someone she meshes well with on paper."
What did you think of this week's episode of "Game of Thrones"? (Spoilers ahead.)
Both Democrats and Republicans have put forward gun safety measures. None are expected to pass.
Daily Briefing: Here's what you need to know today.
SIREN: WASHINGTON TO LOSE ITS DAILY BARD AT A MOST UNCERTAIN TIME: MIKE ALLEN WILL STOP WRITING POLITICO'S MORNING PLAYBOOK COLUMN MIDCAMPAIGN, on July 11
It's about Britain's place in the world and the future of the European project.
More people are on the run than ever before in recorded history, the United Nations said.
"You don't see fat weasels."
"There is no appetite to be nice on the day after."
Reinhold Hanning was sentenced to 5 years as an accessory to at least 170,000 deaths. He may be the last former Nazi sentenced for war crimes.
While you're watching Slovakia on the field during UEFA EURO, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
While you're watching Wales on the field during UEFA EURO, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
While you're watching England on the field during UEFA EURO, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
While you're watching Russia on the field during UEFA EURO, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
During UEFA EURO 2016, there's a song for every fan. If you're English, this might be a favorite:  We're England 'til we die until we die, until we die We're England 'til we die until we die, until we die
See the world through a polar bear's eyes.
"It's not just about counting the drinks — it's about the number where each of us becomes untrustworthy."  Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
With the finale next week, "Silicon Valley" leaves the gang once again on the brink of disaster, which by now is a familiar place for them to be.
Time for The Upshot to cross Cleveland off the list.
This week's "VEEP" is a conceptual tour de force — and, more important, it's very, very funny.
"I came back for a reason." —LeBron James
We might feel that we're getting by fine on less sleep, one doctor days, but we're deluding ourselves.
LeBron James led the Cleveland Cavaliers to their first NBA championship with a 93-89 victory over the Golden State Warriors.
A line that neatly encapsulates the nature of this season of "Outlander": "The truth is often vexing."
4th quarter. Game 7. Golden State Warriors vs. Cleveland Cavaliers. LIVE UPDATES: http://nyti.ms/1XyzUU8
"Airbnb can say it doesn't condone racism and even has an anti-discrimination policy, but right now that policy doesn't have teeth."
$80 for an hour of cuddling.
Can the Golden State Warriors repeat, or will the Cleveland Cavaliers win their city's first major sports title since 1964?
Dustin Johnson is the winner of the 116th U.S. Open Championship. It's likely that what happened this year will be talked about for years to come.
Walter Mosley remembers his father: "He was and is my inspiration, the man who taught me to bob and weave in life and art."  Read on in The New York Times Books.
"Listen," LeBron James said, "at the end of the day, I go out every single night and give everything I've got to the game. The game has always given back to me. So I'm OK with whatever."
The last coal mine closed a decade ago, but this county may soon be home to the largest wind farm in North America, if not the world.
"I cannot recommend this enough!" — Anna, a reader
Hamilton: An American Musical fans: It's almost time to say farewell to Aaron Burr, sir.
Over cookies at The White House, President Barack Obama and Bryan Cranston spoke about fatherhood, celebrity and "Between Two Ferns."
"Black immigrant parents may tell their children to shrug off their encounters with racism, but what good does that do the child who must leave his house every day and be black in America?"  Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
The Central Park bench. You aren't just sitting on wood. You're sitting on memories.
Hillary Clinton and President Bill Clinton are grandparents again.
22 satisfying dishes.
"What a total, utter freak show this promises to be," Frank Bruni writes in The New York Times Opinion Section, "and not in the manner that Republicans feared just months ago."
The transcripts will include 3 calls between Omar Mateen and negotiators who spoke with him as the massacre was unfolding.
An artist who's been called a da Vinci of the lawn mower created this colossal portrait of Beethoven in a field in upstate New York.
87% of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food.
Senate Republicans have agreed to allow a series of votes on restricting gun sales. Do any of the measures stand much chance of passage? Probably not.
CNN's Anderson Cooper writes about his father, who passed away when he was just 10: "If I could see my father just once more, sit down and talk with him, look into his crystal blue eyes, feel the safety of his arms around me, I would give anything for that."
Of his fellow Bernie Sanders backers throwing their support to Hillary Clinton? "Disgusting," said John Flaherty, a retired photographer from Massachusetts.
The 5-year-old was playing outside with his older brother when his mother, who was inside the house, heard screaming. She ran outside and saw a mountain lion on top of her son.
She used an app. Within 3 days, her birth control pills arrived.
The United States Air Force said there was no harmful radiation at the crash site. Now many men are sick or dead.
Bill Nye The Science Guy loves his morning coffee.
The hero of the breakfast table. (via The New York Times Food)
Publisher Ho Pin has a sound strategy for staying out of the clutches of China's police: his address.
The protest was billed as a memorial for a 20-year-old woman who was found dead last month. A U.S. Marine veteran who was working as a civilian contractor on the island has been arrested in connection with the killing, prompting a public outcry.
Whole grains are good, whether served whole or ground up, experts say, but with a few caveats. (via The New York Times - Well - Health)
We couldn't tell you what goes on at a black hole's center. But The New York Times - Science answered your other questions.
Albania still has an outside chance to move on as a third-place team in UEFA EURO. Here's how.
While you're watching Romania on the field during UEFA EURO, see in real time its chances of advancing to the next round.
The group stage of UEFA EURO is almost over. Here's how your team can advance.
After the Orlando shooting, #TwoMenKissing became a reminder that the kiss — a small, universal symbol of love — has become more.
"Having traced every step of his journey in detail over eight hours, you still find yourself wondering what the hell happened to this guy. He was made in America, and unmade here, too."
"This was terrific." — Carol Sacks, a reader.
When she was first cast in "Orange Is the New Black," she kept her night job.
17 great ideas for what to watch this weekend, from the NYT Watching team.
Ching-Ching Ni is at Beijing's famous Panjiayuan Antique Market. Join her as she searches for hidden treasures among the more than 4,000 shops at the market.
The next best thing to a trip to Sicily. (via The New York Times Food)
A child played in an art installation by Darya von Berner titled "Selfi" at the Matadero Madrid, a center for contemporary art.  More photos of the week: http://nyti.ms/1UnV0RL  Photo: Javier Soriano/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
For the fourth time in less than 2 weeks, the police department in Oakland is answering to a different leader.
Since 9/11, fear-mongering has been a foolproof political tactic. After Orlando, it's unclear whether it still works.   Read on in The New York Times Opinion Section.
For many Iraqi Sunnis, ISIS isn't some some shadowy and unknowable force. It's their brothers, sons and nephews.
"Finding Dory" makes up for any lack of originality with warmth, charm and good humor, our critic says.
Is the massacre in Orlando really the worst mass shooting in U.S. history?
"Racial transcendence is a lie, but it's one that O.J. Simpson believed in deeply," writes Greg Howard in The New York Times Magazine.
Speedy, meatless meals from The New York Times Food.
"I don't love you anymore. I'm not sure I ever did."
Donald J. Trump wants to "suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism."  That could affect American citizens traveling and living abroad.
"He was just agitated about everything," the Orlando gunman's former co-worker recalled. "Always shaken. Always agitated. Always mad."
Go ahead. You've earned it.
Our top 10 comments of the week.
When asked his name, the man charged with murdering the British lawmaker Jo Cox said, "My name is death to traitors, freedom for Britain."
From Orlando to Shanghai, a look back at the week in photos.
A trove of letters sheds new light on President Obama's father. But the president has yet to read them.
Safety. Family. Home. What LGBT spaces mean to The New York Times readers.
A classic. (via The New York Times Food)
Her father had been a tyrant of a man. And then he became a woman.
"When you present politics as a matter of life and death, as a question of national survival, don't be surprised if someone takes you at your word."
Smart tart.
The latest U.S. and swing state polls, updated every day through Election Day.
Many baby boomers are becoming de facto innkeepers through sites like Airbnb, HomeAway and VRBO - Vacation Rentals By Owner.
The straight economics is clear: A British exit from the E.U. would make Britain poorer, Paul Krugman writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
"The whole doping scandal is a painful blow for the Kremlin, and humiliation for Russia."
"The motive of Jo Cox's killer will become clearer in the weeks to come. But it shouldn't take the death of a politician to alert us to the dangers of the politics of hate," Daniel Trilling writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
Cecil Pierce landed his airboat on Causey's Island in the Florida Everglades. Airboating is on the decline in the Everglades.  More from the week in pictures: http://nyti.ms/1UnV0RL  Photo: Scott McIntyre for The New York Times
Chicago embraces new energy while staying true to its roots.
"People will remember, a century from now, who stood up to the tyrant Donald J. Trump and who didn't," Timothy Egan writes in The New York Times Opinion Section
The vacation comes just a week after Malia Obama graduated from high school. Malia's looming departure is causing President Obama great emotional turmoil, and during the graduation ceremony he wept behind dark sunglasses.
Questions of a Saudi connection to 9/11 have risen anew with calls to release a classified section of a congressional report — the so-called 28 pages, whose secrecy has made them almost mythical.
For the religious person it's about God. For the terrorist, it's about himself, David Brooks writes in The New York Times Opinion Section.
The great-grandson of Maria and Georg von Trapp marries a kindred spirit.
When Mata Hari arrived in Paris she was penniless. Soon she was feted as the most elegant woman in the city. A dancer who shocked and delighted audiences, as a confidant and courtesan she bewitched the era's richest and most powerful men. But as paranoia consumed a country at war, Mata Hari's lifestyle bought her under suspicion. Until in 1917 she was arrested in her hotel room on the Champs Elysees and accused of espionage. The Spy tells the unforgettable story of a woman who dared to break the conventions of her time, and paid the price. RELEASE DATE: NOV 22 (UK, AUS, NZ, INDIA, CANADA)

Choosing the way we will depart — http://bit.ly/UcpC6q
La Bamba!
By Rea Siochi
Worrying is a waste of time, it doesn't change anything. It messes with your mind and steal your happiness
2 min walk

@yess_duenas gift from her cousin #great
Life: a metaphor
Relax
Daily walk




Next Sunday: 400 weeks (the previous record was 252 weeks, in 1950) Obrigado a todos os brasileiros que sempre me apoiaram
Mata Hari's last week http://bit.ly/1tyvTTL
The Spy( covers, confidential docs, postcards) http://bit.ly/1tpiqNm ( based on a true story)

2 more covers: France and Rumania
Sleep well!

Collect moments. Not things.
Relax and enjoy #DailyWalk
What makes people weak? Their need for validation and recognition
The dance is a poem of which each movement is a word
USA cover ( Alfred A. Knopf, release date: Nov 22) Mata Hari's only crime: to be a free and independent woman "The Spy", based on a true story, will be launched worldwide by the end of the year
Two more covers: Italia / España (release date - October) No Brasil: setembro
Lord, bless our week It's important to realize that we can miss something, but still not want it back
The greatest,  MUHAMMAD ALI, in his own words  http://bit.ly/1RUMhSj
Sunshine. Weekend. Two open seats. How would you choose? 1 or 2?
Our 18th overall victory at Le Mans is an achievement of the entire Porsche Motorsport family. Thanks to all of you making this historic moment possible.
It takes courage to break a record. Be prepared for the fastest luxury sedan on earth. More information: www.porsche.com/panamera
At 17 you are full of dreams. One has just become reality: Our 18th overall victory at the 24h of Le Mans.   We´re incredibly proud of our team and applaud Toyota on a tremendous fight.
The Porsche lighting systems are a perfect combination of sportiness, performance and optimum illumination of the road. Need proof for this? Take a look at this video and learn more: www.porsche.com/radiant-power
Competed together for 24 hours. Head to head for 24 hours. Gained our respect forever.
Past. Present. Future. Combined in one single moment.  Porsche wins the 24h of Le Mans. For the 18th time.
Halftime at the 24h of Le Mans 2016: The Porsche 919 Hybrid is fighting for the lead at the Circuit de la Sarthe. There are still 12 long hours to go. Follow us live at www.porsche.com/lemanslive  #PorscheLeMans #LeMans24
Don´t miss the most thrilling motorsports event of the world: The 24h of Le Mans. Be sure to follow our team with the 919 Hybrid and 911 RSR today from 15:00 CEST at: www.porsche.com/lemans  #PorscheLeMans #LeMans24
Both of the Porsche 919 Hybrid will start from the front row into the 24h of Le Mans 2016. Difficult and unpredictable conditions promise a captivating race for tomorrow. Take a look at the best pictures of the qualifying sessions in this gallery. #PorscheLeMans #LeMans24
On occasion of one of the world's most famous endurance races, the 24h of Le Mans, Porsche Exclusive is presenting the 911 Carrera S Endurance Racing Edition. The holistic concept of this car combines Porsche Exclusive and Porsche Motorsport in an extraordinary way as you can see in this gallery.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 Carrera S: 8.7-7.7 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 201-177 g/km
Fancy a ride with our works driver Neel Jani setting a record lap during last year´s Le Mans qualifying? 249.2 km/h average speed at the 13.629 km long Circuit the la Sarthe. Follow our team at the 24h of Le Mans 2016 on: www.porsche.com/lemans
Le Mans is the hardest development laboratory in the world of sports cars. And for us the ultimate test for ideas that shape the future of production vehicles. Get yourself prepared for this iconic race here: www.porsche.com/futuresportscar
More than 3.000 track submissions and 30.000 votes in total. Our lucky winners Henrik and Alessandro have configured the best track to experience the 718 Boxster on our microsite…and experienced it already first-hand in Silverstone. See how they enjoyed the ride in this gallery and stay tuned for more.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6:  8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
The new 718 Cayman has entered the production at our plant in Zuffenhausen, Stuttgart. See how the new model is being manufactured at our headquarters in this gallery.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
In our latest Christophorus Online article, we're on a quest to find the last existing Porsche models in Cuba. The search for the island's Porsche treasures becomes an exercise in patience, long drives, and bizarre surprises. Read more: http://por.sc/Rzssym
It's time to put every idea, every technology, and every detail to the ultimate test.  We're excited for the 24h of Le Mans on June 18th/19th.   #PorscheLeMans #LeMans24
Courage changes everything. The new Panamera is coming. Take a peek in this video and learn more here: www.porsche.com/panamera
5,000 people and 450 Porsche cars over two days made the second running of the Porsche Rennsport Australia Motor Racing Festival a complete success. Catch a glimpse of this unique event in this gallery.
A homage. A resurrection. An object of desire. See how Richard Pardon | Photographer used the rare opportunity to get up close with the 911 R in this gallery.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 R: 13.3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
The Green Hell is a tough school. And a tough school shapes your character. It makes you believe in your ideas and fight for your principles. That´s why we´ll come back to the 24h of Nürburgring.
From stimulus to response, from resting pulse to pounding heart. Some things just won't change.
Enhanced steering precision and a more pronounced cornering agility are two advantages of Porsche Torque Vectoring (PTV). Follow the link to understand how this system works: http://por.sc/T8IkKG   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 718 Cayman models: 8.1-6.9 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 184-158 g/km
The heart of the new 718 Boxster is a four-cylinder turbocharged boxer engine, that delivered countless podium finishes in the past. Follow the link to learn how we carry the 718 legend forward with our new 718 models: http://po.st/dxOYYK  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 718 Boxster models: 8.1-6.9 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 184-158 g/km
Before any Porsche goes into production, it is taken to its limits. This is exactly what took a team of engineers from the Porsche Development Centre in Weissach to South Africa. See how the new Panamera was tested under tough climate conditions in this photo gallery and stay tuned for more.
The conditions in Monaco for the second round of the Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup couldn't have been more challenging on the weekend: Facing torrential rain, Porsche Junior Matteo Cairoli kept calm and brought his Porsche 911 GT3 Cup home in first place.
This 718 Cayman S in Carrara White Metallic by Porsche Exclusive is anything but mainstream. It's more against the flow as you can see in this gallery. Explore all details here: http://www.porsche.com/international/accessoriesandservice/exclusive/718/  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 718 Cayman S: 8.1-6.9 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 184-158 g/km
From Golden Hour to Blue Hour, quite literally.
914, 924, 928, 718… What's the origin of our model designations? And why is a legendary digit combination making its comeback? Head over to Christophorus Online to find out the answer to these questions: http://por.sc/rmSFKX
The second edition of the Porsche Rennsport Australia Motor Racing Festival at Sydney Motorsport Park attracted 450 Porsche cars and over 5000 spectators with a shared passion for Porsche. Take a look at the highlights in this video.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 GT3 RS: 12.7 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 296 g/km
For some it´s the green hell. For us it's natural habitat. The Porsche 911 GT3 R is ready for the 24 Hours at the Nürburgring.    Follow us at: www.porsche.com/futuresportscar

The interior of the 718 Cayman and his ancestor are 10 years apart from each other. One thing however becomes evident at first glance: the performance-oriented and clean ergonomics.
1 Lap. 20 Cars. 62 Years. This video from last year's Rennsport Reunion definitely is an adequate way to start off the weekend.
Forty years after the debut of the 924, we're devoting a special exhibition to the Transaxle era at the Porsche Museum. 23 exceptional vehicles will take you back to this era. More than half of these models are being exhibited at the museum for the first time ever. Learn more in Christophorus Online: http://po.st/pQ7ui5
What do all of these models have in common?* *Hint: we're searching for just two letters.
Two seats, mid-engine layout, and a luggage compartment at the front and back. Most of you already know these characteristics of the 718 Boxster, but this X-ray image certainly helps to illustrate it.
How much sport can you pack into a sports car? Watch this video to find out.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
6 long hours in which we were both the hunted and the hunter, always with our never-ending mission in our sights: building the sports car of the future. See the highlights of the FIA WEC 6h of Spa in this video. #PorscheMotorsport #FutureSportscar
20 years have passed since the first Boxster was introduced. Isn't it hard to resist these eyes?
Intuitive handling, performance-oriented ergonomics, and a clean design. Follow the link to learn what else the interior of the new 718 models offer: http://po.st/DBGd4R     Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
Even on the Las Vegas Strip, a car like this chrome-plated Panamera attracts a lot of attention. In our latest Christophorus Online story, the looks of this Panamera and the voice of the blues singer Kayy Nova step into the limelight of this city. Read more here: http://por.sc/O82m5M
Take a look how Derek Bell drove the Targa Florio track for the first time. In the original 1960-winning 718 RS 60 and right next to the new 718 Boxster. Enjoy the full clip on www.petrolicious.com/the-porsche-718-is-a-living-legacy   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Boxster models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
We've done something very special with our friends Petrolicious and Derek Bell - Tune into www.petrolicious.com tomorrow at 14:00 CET to see what we've been up to.
Breathtaking 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps results in a 2nd place for the Porsche 919 Hybrid. Now we´re fully concentrating on the preparation for the season highlight at the 24 Hours of Le Mans. See the best pictures of yesterday's race in this gallery.
The 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps live now at: www.porsche.com/fiaweclive Follow our team and the Porsche 919 Hybrid at round 2 of the FIA WEC.
The 718 RSK Spyder is the quintessence of speed, purity, and simplicity. In our latest Christophorus Online article, this car makes a journey to the past to visit an old friend. Follow the link to learn more about this story: http://po.st/L7y6uc
Most of you will know our winner car of last year's 24h of Le Mans. But do you know our all of our overall Le Mans winners from back in the days?
The new 718 Cayman complements our 718 model range. Which model would you choose as a daily driver? 718 Boxster S or 718 Cayman S? Let us know in the comments below.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km; 718 Boxster models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
The interior concept of new Cayenne Platinum Edition models offers pure sport emotion, comfort and digital high-tech. Take a look in this gallery to find out more. More information: http://po.st/gGzGF2   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: Cayenne Platinum Edition models: 9.2-3.4 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 215-79 g/km; Electricity consumption: 20.8 kWh/100 km
"My friends all drive Porsches," sang Janis Joplin. But this was true not just for her friends—she too owned a Porsche: a 356 SC with a colorful paint job. This rock star on wheels - with all its wild, fantastic memories - was recently sold at an auction for 1.76 million dollars. Learn more about its story in Christophorus Online: http://po.st/gqMw39
This Macan S in Rhodium Silver Metallic perfectly demonstrates the craftsmanship of Porsche Exclusive. Browse through this gallery to see all the striking details of this car. Learn more here: http://po.st/nUBHsn   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: Macan S: 9.0-8.7 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 212-204 g/km;
Its natural habitat might be different, but its heart beats right where it should for any Cayman. In the middle. The Cayman GT4 & Cayman GT4 Clubsport.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 10.3 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 238 g/km
Precise, not fanciful. Self-assured, not restrained. Low, wide and sleek. The design of the new 718 Cayman can be described with different words, but why don't you convince yourself with this video?  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
We've given the Cayenne another makeover. We've refined it. Polished it. The result: the new Cayenne Platinum Edition models. More information: http://po.st/gGzGF2   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: Cayenne Platinum Edition models: 9.2-3.4 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 215-79 g/km; Electricity consumption: 20.8 kWh/100 km
Have you ever wanted to get behind the wheel of a 911 GT3 Cup car? In our Master RSR training you'll learn how to develop excellent vehicle control in Porsche race cars. Watch some images from the first training with Timo Bernhard from last weekend at Porsche Leipzig.  Learn more: http://po.st/RsZo6E
The art of engineering and design in 2,704 elements. Watch the new LEGO Technic Porsche 911 GT3 RS in this video.  #LEGOTechnicUltimate
The new 718 Cayman follows a line of its own far removed from fashion trends and four-lane arterials. In the town certainly. On the racetrack definitely. But always for the sport of it. Learn more: www.porsche.com/718   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
At first glance: sporty. At second glance: blown away. Be one of the first to watch the 718 Cayman in motion in this video.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 718 Cayman models 9.0-6.9l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
The pinnacle of exclusivity and elegance – that is the standard to which this Macan S by Porsche Exclusive aspires. Click through this gallery to see the numerous special features of this car.  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 9.0-8.7 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 212-204 g/km;
500 years of German purity law. We celebrate with our own principle of purity and 500 hp. www.porsche.com/911R   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 R: 13.3 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 308 g/km;
What makes a good story? It needs heroes, people fighting by their side, and a mission. In Silverstone the first lines of our new chapter have been written. And these are just the beginning. #PorscheMotorsport #FutureSportscar
In yesterday's posting, we showed you how two Porsche enthusiasts drive a section of the historic Tour de France Automobile with the 911 R. Do you want to experience this 12km long route with an altitude difference of 785m yourself? Follow the link to our GTS Community to get inspired: http://www.porsche.com/microsite/gts/international.aspx#/track/MFXf4IS3   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6:  911 R: 13.3 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 308 g/km;
2 Porsche enthusiasts, 1 goal: driving a stage of the historic Tour de France Automobile with the 911 R. See how these two drivers retrace a route that made motor sports history in this video.    Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6:  911 R: 13.3 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 308 g/km;
What a spectacular FIA WEC kick-off this weekend. We are excited for more close fights to come in a strong field of competitors this season. See the best pictures of the 6 Hours of Silverstone in this gallery. #PorscheMotorsport #FutureSportscar
Both of the Porsche 919 Hybrid are waiting for the red lights to turn off. Follow the season start of the FIA WEC at the 6 Hours of Silverstone today at www.porsche.com/fiawec   #PorscheMotorsport #FutureSportscar
Pop-up headlights, transaxle layout and the first water-cooled Porsche engine. Just three of many unique features that made the Porsche 924 special, when it rolled off the production line 40 years ago.
The driving feel of a 911 Coupé and the driving experience of an open-top sports car in just 20 seconds.  #911Targa  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 Targa 4: 8.9-7.9 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 206-182 g/km
At Le Mans 2015 we proved: you can celebrate great victories with four cylinders and an intelligent concept. Learn more about the four-cylinder engine of the 718 Boxster in this video.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
We can´t wait for the FIA WEC season to get started: The 6h of Silverstone on April 17th is the next step on our mission to the sports car of the future.  #FutureSportscar #6hSilverstone
Red stripes like the original. Or green ones, for your personal interpretation of the 911 R legend. How would you decide?   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Engine at the front, transmission at the back - 40 years of Porsche transaxle models.  Be sure to mark your calendars for a special exhibition at the Porsche Museum that pays tribute to this anniversary starting from April 27th.
Perfectly restored down to the very last detail. This 911 2.5 S/T was rediscovered by a collector a few years ago and has been extensively restored by Porsche Classic. The race car, which was only built 24 times, will be presented for the first time at the classic fair "Techno Classica".
One of the advantages of a mid-engine concept is the generous luggage compartments in the front and back of the car. Learn more about other comfort features of the 718 Boxster in this video.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
This two-litre four-cylinder turbo is the most efficient combustion engine we have ever built. Together with the electric motor at the front axle, the 919 Hybrid is able to temporary produce 900hp.  Learn more about the 919 Hybrid and its engine in our Mission Report: www.porsche.com/futuresportscar
Robby Naish is the king of the waves in Hawaii. But outside his element, Naish's favorite board for the road is a 911 Carrera S from 2012 and another special car. Follow the link to the latest Christophorus Online article to find out: http://po.st/nT5Wf3
Every great dream starts with small steps. Why not begin with the new 911 Targa from Playmobil?
Are you a real petrolhead and feel at home on racetracks all around the world? Then our new fragrance "Eau d'Essence" is the right match for you.  Limited to only 919 bottles, this scent literally embodies the motorsport spirit. Essences of motor oil and nano-particles of tire rubber will make you feel like you are on the racetrack. Every day.
With the experience and expertise from over 20 years, Porsche Tequipment stands for one thing: creating accessories as individual as your lifestyle, perfectly tailored to your Porsche. Get inspired by Porsche Tequipment here: http://po.st/xXCg6e   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 Carrera 4S: 8.9-7.9 l/100 km, 204-180 g/km
We're excited to see the new Porsche 919 Hybrid racing at the FIA WEC 6h of Silverstone in less than 3 weeks. What do you think about its new look?  #919Hybrid #MissionFutureSportscar
No matter what we build, it will always be a sports car. A fact readily apparent when looking at the design of our Concept Study Mission E. Get behind the scenes of the Porsche Design Studio in this video to learn more about the exterior and interior design.
It's all a matter of perspective—design takes shape in the eye of the beholder. In our latest Christophorus Online article, Porsche's chief designer Michael Mauer talks about his source of inspiration. Read the full article here: http://po.st/9YGj7n
In this 718 Boxster S in Racing Yellow, you can sense the urge for authenticity and sportiness right from the first glance. Browse through this gallery to see what makes it special - on the exterior and interior. Learn more: http://www.porsche.com/international/accessoriesandservice/exclusive/718/   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 8.1-7.3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 184-167 g/km.
Hello Spring. Long time no see.
The 911 R in the front. The Swiss alps in the back. For those, who'd like to use this perfect setting as a wallpaper, download your image here: http://porsche.com/wallpaper-download  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 R 13.3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Developed to fulfill a destiny that lies far beyond the finish line. Discover the new Porsche 919 Hybrid: www.porsche.com/futuresportscar    #MissionFutureSportscar #919Hybrid
A Porsche 911, a surfboard, and the Pacific Ocean bring you very close to the California dream. In our latest Christophorus Online article, photographer Stefan Bogner goes on a roadtrip with the 911 Carrera S Cabriolet to capture the most beautiful twists and turns in California. Learn more: http://po.st/pQ7ui5  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 Carrera S Cabriolet: 8.8-7.8 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 202-178 g/km.
We're ready to continue the toughest fight on the race track: the FIA WEC 2016. If you´re curious about the new racing lab for our "Mission: Future Sportscar", follow us at: www.porsche.com/futuresportscar
Do you want to win a driving experience with the new 718 Boxster? Here is your last chance to enter our competition. Follow the link to learn how you can take part: http://www.porsche.com/countries/718/#silverstone   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
Get prepared for March 23rd when we'll raise the curtain for this new Porsche.
Radical. Relentless. Raw.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 911 R 13.3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Happiness can be found at the end of the rainbow. Or on the way to it. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Race driver Mark Donohue set a world record with this Porsche 917/30 Spyder more than 40 years ago. Curious to know which record was set with this race car? Read the full story in our latest Christophorus Online article: http://po.st/dgK3rz
Do you want to get behind the wheel of the new 718 Boxster on the track? Head over to our microsite for a chance to win a driving experience with this car: http://www.porsche.com/countries/718/#silverstone  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
The new 911 R features everything that sports car dreams are made of. Watch this video to learn more about the product highlights.   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Join two Porsche enthusiasts on the road to perfect vehicle control – a driving training with Porsche works driver Patrick Long. In this lesson, our participants will learn how to counteract oversteer and understeer in the 911 R. Click below to watch the clip and learn more here: http://porsche.com/911-r   *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Over 60 years in motorsports and more than 30,000 racing victories have brought us to where we are today. Join us on a trip down memory lane to the unforgettable Porsche models that have driven us to overall victories at Le Mans: http://po.st/42IAfN
1 model, 4 choices. What would be your favorite wheel choice for the 911 Carrera 4S?  *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 8.9-7.9l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 204-180 g/km.
There are a few things in life that stay amazing. A Porsche is one of them.
The new 911 R encapsulates the principle of purity in the exterior as well as the interior. Browse through this gallery to see the interior highlights. Learn more: http://link.porsche.com/911R-fb2 *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Eckhard Schimpf was both manager and driver for Jägermeister Racing. After more than four decades, he bought back more than a dozen race cars sporting the Jägermeister livery from around the world. His recently acquired highlight from the United States: the legendary Porsche 911 Carrera RSR built in 1974. Read the full story in our latest Christophorus Article: http://po.st/Begi2k
Curious to drive the new 718 Boxster at the Porsche Experience Center in Silverstone just like on these images? Follow the link to take part in our competition: www.porsche.com/countries/718/#silverstone   *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
Naturally aspirated engine, lightweight construction, manual transmission, and rear wheel drive. Just like back in the days.    *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Keep a Porsche running like Porsche.
To all the hardcore fanatics. All the cornering enthusiasts. All the kings of the road. Get ready. For the drive of your life. For a radically pure 911. For the new 911 R.  *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
A homage. A resurrection. A childhood dream. The new 911 R embodies them all. Simultaneously. For more information, visit: http://link.porsche.com/911R-fb1   *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 13,3 l/100 km; CO2 emissions: 308 g/km.
Today is an extra day. Make the most of it – go out and play! www.porsche.com/gts-community
The 911 Turbo S in Graphite Blue Metallic by Porsche Exclusive elevates exclusivity to the next level - combining high performance with attention to detail. Find more 911 Exclusive vehicle examples here: http://www.porsche.com/international/accessoriesandservice/exclusive/911/   Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 9.1 l/100 km, CO2 emissions 212 g/km
In the new 911 GT3 RS, we are once again breaking down the barrier between sports car and race car. See how Walter Röhrl gets behind the wheel on the racetrack and learn all about the product highlights in this video.   *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 12.7 l/100 km, CO2 emissions 296 g/km
Isn't it great when you can combine two passions at the same time?
What could be better than driving a spectacular course in a spectacular car? Well, designing and driving the course yourself. Watch how the 718 Boxster is being put through its paces in Silverstone. For a chance to drive it by your own, take part in our contest here: www.porsche.com/countries/718/#silverstone  Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU 6: 718 Boxster models: 8.1-6.9 l/100 km, CO2 emissions: 184-158 g/km
The 718 Boxster is not on sale yet, but this GIF might give you an impression how most of us will experience the car on the street.   *Combined fuel consumption in accordance with EU6: 8.1 - 6.9 l/100km; CO2 emissions: 184 - 158 g/km
Au Revoir France. And thank u #M6 for being such wonderful hosts in Paris #QuanticoInFrance ...Hola Madrid...! #iifa
Being Parisian in #DionLee #fashiondiaries #desigirlinParis
Pure love. Love u #MadhuChopra Eiffel kiss #PCInParis #QuanticoInFrance #parisInfatuation
Eiffel at my finger tips.. #PCInParis #QuanticoInFrance congrats #turkey
Heres another "pit-stopping" picture to add to the debate. #WillTheRealArmpitPleaseStandUp #nofilter #armpitdiaries
And it begins... My romance with Paris.. #parisdiaries #traveldiaries #nomad
Met one of my faves at a shoot today. Thank u Jodie Foster for being so amazing.. #teenagecrush
Bff. #MadhuChopra #londondiaries #birthdayweek
Finally done with work.. #londondiaries #londonDarshan lol #mommysdayout #likeaboss #fashiondiaries
Thank u Maxim India .. Here's my new cover!! #MaximHot100 #PCTopsMaximHot100
Birthday night in London Town. Love u #MadhuChopra
Thank u .. To be in this August company.
Thank you Maxim India third time's a charm... Much love  #MaximHot100 #PCTopsMaximHot100
Something awesome is definitely in store! Priyanka Chopra on her way to slay! #MaximIndia #MaximHot100  - From Team Priyanka
Loving your enthusiasm! Lets make this happen #Vote4PC   - From Team Priyanka
"Emmy Quickie: What You Should Never Ask 'Quantico' Star Priyanka Chopra in an Airport" Find out right here The Wrap  - From Team Priyanka
She's more than just a movie star, She is a SUPERSTAR! #PCYouMakeUsProud  - From Team Priyanka
Always in transit.. Lost in motion.. #nomadheart #noreasontostop #nobodyclock #keepexploring
I will always remember you with that big smile on your face and the shine in your eyes.. Rest in Peace Nani . We love you.
Priyanka Chopra's thought-provoking essay for Verve on the power of choice will inspire you.   - Team Priyanka
Heartfelt condolences to Priyanka Chopra on the passing of her maternal grandmother, Mrs. Madhu Jyotsna Akhouri. May her soul rest in peace.  - Team Priyanka
To be serenaded and melting while he sings to me.. Adoring eyes.. Both ways. Miss u dad.
Let's keep voting for our Queen Priyanka Chopra!  1. #IIFA2016:  http://bit.ly/1RLy9dU 2. #MaximHot100: http://bit.ly/1TF1j0x  - From Team Priyanka
Happy 94th bday Nani. So happy to be home for it. Found this old pic..Dunno y we all look so pissed off .. But I Think my mom was forcing us to take the picture . #missedhome #throwback
We must ensure all children get a #FairStart. This film by UNICEF India made by children for children shows us why
Fans gave PC a very warm welcome at the Mumbai airport last night. #SoMuchLove #WelcomeHomePC - From Team Priyanka
The airport was in a state of frenzy as fans and press welcomed #PriyankaChopra to Mumbai! #Madness #Mayhem #WelcomeHomePC - Team Priyanka
Welcome to Mumbai #YasmineAlMassri! Hope you have a fabulous time here... And with #PriyankaChopra as your tour guide, we bet you will! :) - Team Priyanka
Mere desh ki dharti.. So good to be home... #amchiMumbai
Watch how Priyanka Chopra absolutely killed it on the Billboard Music Awards 2016 stage!   - From Team Priyanka
Priyanka Chopra looking as effortlessly gorgeous as ever for Emmy magazine shoot! #PCUSlay  - From Team Priyanka
Priyanka Chopra attended the Billboard Music Awards 2016 in Las Vegas, wearing an Atelier Official Versace outfit. And she meticulously killed it. - BuzzFeed  - From Team Priyanka
"I don't think Bond does too much, he's just suave and sexy. He rolls out with his martini and fancy cars. Wow, it sounds like my life already." - Priyanka Chopra  - Team Priyanka Chopra
And my other cover for this month. Thank u EMMY Magazine for the love...
Thank you for having me over Good Day L.A. ... Steve Edwards GDLA Lisa Breckenridge you were amazing.
My new cover! Thank you Complex magazine and #The_SummerMan for an awesome interview and shoot.#OwnItAll Cover Story: http://bit.ly/1XrLDm7
"The more you leave upto the imagination, the sexier it is." - Priyanka Chopra  Complex magazine  - Team Priyanka Chopra
From Las Vegas to Los Angeles, it's been a jet-setting day for PC! #dmd16upfronts  - Team Priyanka
Reflections. Meghan Markle #mubinarattonsey #sundayvibes
This girl is my woman crush! Meghan Trainor u slayed at the #bbmas tonight. More power to u! With #kelilee #anjulaachariabath Troy Carter
Team PC hustling back to LA.. From #billboardmusicawards to #internationalupfronts .. Always on the go!! #kelilee #anjulaacharia #danasupnick #jenn_din #stephaniebbmakeup #castillo #danicaek fly fly..
Priyanka Chopra looking as gorgeous as ever on the #BBMAs pink carpet in blue Official Versace.  - From Team Priyanka
Happy birthday #anjulaacharia even tho it's a jet setting birthday I guess it's a reflection of our lives. Let's fly.. I wish u love and luck and happiness always.
Hello Vegas... #BillboardMusicAwards
Girls day out.. #whoruletheworld Meghan Markle #MubinaRattonsey Thank u for the kinda day I needed
Mood.
The lovely Priyanka Chopra is a presenter at this year's #BBMAs! Watch her take the stage on May 22 at 8e/5p on ABC  - Team Priyanka Chopra
"Because evil never looked so good"   - Team Priyanka Chopra
Did you catch the amazing performance by #PriyankaChopra at the #ABCUpfronts? #ICYMI here are some stills!  - From Team Priyanka
Simple, stylish and elegant...#PriyankaChopra's style on the red carpet is always spot on! #ABCUpfronts  - From Team Priyanka
Remember This Day? When The Shield Make There Official WWE Debut!
WWE Clash Of Champions, No Mercy And WWE Backlash Returning To WWE! #WWE #PPV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcHvpCa6gqU
I Am Suspended From WWE For 30 Days! Are You Happy?
Will Roman Reigns Tap Out? Yes Or No?

WWE Roman Reigns Suspended By WWE! #WWE #RomanReigns https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO0KDaSSHgA
Brotherhood Finished!!
Update On Kurt Angle Return 2016! #KurtAngle #WWE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac1iqulmLKs
Like Dean Ambrose Official Page. Like This Page For Dean Ambrose. https://www.facebook.com/Dean-Ambrose-WWE-Official-712350388904715/
WWE Money In The Bank 2016 Full Results! #WWE #MITB https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2SzgxlGrC4
I Lost My Title! Are You Happy?
Dean Ambrose Wins And Roman Reigns Lost His Title! Are You Happy?
Do You Want To See The Undertaker Back? #TheUndertaker
WWE Is Bringing Goldberg, Rey Mysterio, Kurt Angle, Jeff Hardy And Others For Return! #WWE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3x9BtULzB3E
Jerry Lawler Suspended By WWE After Arrest! #JerryLawler #WWE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gp3l2tdBTAM
Update On Randy Orton Return! See When He Will Return! #RandyOrton #WWE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ze8zZHjjRI
WWE Bringing Back WCW Clash Of The Champions! #WCW #ClashOfTheChampions https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq_MK6tvjUY
Update On Neville Return! See When He Will Return! #Neville #WWE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuWv_r7FYX4
WWE Monday Night Raw Results (6/13/16) #Raw #WWE  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxLVrJfcpw4
Seth Rollins Use Formerly Banned Move at WWE Live Event! #SethRollins #WWE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8hXdiZMnyo
Bobby Roode Debuts at WWE NXT Live Event! #BobbyRoode #NXT https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWm2vniqvIU
WWE SmackDown 6/9/2016 Viewership And Ratings! #WWE #SmackDown https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTshljwhx1Q
We Are Now At 1000 Likes. Are You Happy? Thanks For 1000 Likes. #RomanReigns
Big Update On Bray Wyatt Return! Watch To Know When He Will Return! #BrayWyatt #FaceTheFear https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJRjE5U3QIg
Who Will Win? #Undertaker Or #Sting
NXT TakeOver: The End Results! Watch This To See What Happened! #NXT #NXTTakeOver #NXTTakeOverTheEnd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4d5oK2P7_E
Best In The World #CMPunk Are You Missing Him?
Brock Lesnar Vs Mark Hunt At UFC 200! Yes, Brock Is Back! #BrockLesnar #UFC200 #Beast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zm40chRRgn8
Who Will Win At WWE Money In The Bank 2016. #JohnCena Or #AJStyles
Teddy Long Returns On WWE Raw! Watch This!! #TeddyLong #Raw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvb4w3RNNX0
CM Punk's UFC Debut Updates Are Here! Check Out! #CMPUNK #BESTINTHEWORLD #UFC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koDk1uDOpD4
Brock Lesnar To Return At UFC 200!! See This!! Waiting For Brock To Come Back!! #BrockLesnar #UFC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlZc1Htf_C0
Want To Know That Why Crab Stomp Banned!! See This!! Really Enjoyed!! #SethRollins #CrabStomp  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUWWTBk6yDg
New Match Added In The NXT Takeover The End Match Card!!  See This To Know!! Hope You All Will Enjoy The Last NXT Takeover Episode!! #NXT #NXTTakeover #NXTTakeoverTheEnd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KL7jYzrp6NY
Thanks For #500 likes. #GreatFamily #Respect
Bray Wyatt Will Return To WWE Next Month!! Be Ready!! Check Out This To Know! #Braywyatt #Facethefear #Fearisback https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHurGtOOJZI


Kurt Angle Vs Cody Rhodes Match Confirmed!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SF2XYzinVx4
WWE Backstage News: WWE's Plans For John Cena At Money In The Bank! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0bViEeaqXk
WWE Backstage News: Brand Split Plans For Brock Lesnar!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSZmKYpxEcY
WWE Backstage News: Update On Bray Wyatt Return! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDQOHKgcl1U
Kevin Owens Will Win The Money In The Bank Ladder Match! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqUBRWizx9Q
WWE Backstage News: Update On Ryback's WWE Status! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXbFx3V0sbE
WWE Backstage News: WWE Brand Split Plans! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kof9LK07-F0
WWE Backstage News: Seth Rollins Returning To WWE SmackDown!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tg5FSFuUSk
WWE Breaking News: WWE Releases Adam Rose! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJbOMmlBBr4
WWE Extreme Rules 2016 Full Results! Seth Rollins Return At WWE Extreme Rules 2016! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sskaFKWiW_w
WWE Backstage News: Update On Enzo Amore Injury And Return! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0o2uKbqw5c
WWE Backstage News: WWE's Plans For John Cena With The Club!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHV_IAp_-Xk

WWE Backstage News: Update On John Cena Injury And Return! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohDQcj-CBNI

Tonight! Sit happens. Tune in at 11/10c for full coverage.
John Heilemann and Mark Halperin of "The Circus" discuss Bernie Sanders.
Another tragedy hits Rio de Janeiro as the city struggles to prepare for the Olympics. http://on.cc.com/28Q181O
Roy Wood, Jr. explores how lobbyists influence the Army Corps of Engineers and the questionable projects the unit takes on. http://on.cc.com/28PskxB
Paul Ryan prefers sit-ups, not sit-ins.
Can things get any worse for the upcoming Rio Olympic games? How about a dead mascot.   ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/28PaVFf
Rio de Janeiro prepares for the Olympics, Roy Wood, Jr. investigates the lobbying behind the Army Corps of Engineers, and John Heilemann and Mark Halperin discuss "The Circus."
Turns out Donald Trump is a big Daily Show fan! Tune in tonight at 11/10c.
A summer heat wave hits the Southwest.
Trump's gotta get that BOOM BOOM BOOM!
Donald Trump's campaign funding is running low while his personal spending is running very, very high.
Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper go head to head to see which party can actually pass gun control legislation. http://on.cc.com/28Qj7ss
Donald Trump may be low on campaign funding, but financial documents show that the billionaire tycoon is spending plenty on his own businesses.  ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/28WCAqr
Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper demonstrate why Congress can't pass gun control, a summer heat wave hits the Southwest, and Tavis Smiley discusses "Before You Judge Me."
Donald Trump reiterated his call for a temporary ban on Muslims.
Rep. Jim Himes weighs in on the Congress' moment of silence for the victims of the Orlando shooting.
Trevor congratulates the Cleveland Cavaliers on winning the NBA Finals.
Trevor on Trump's suggestion that a good guy with a gun could've stopped the Orlando shooter. http://on.cc.com/28SbLDX
Donald Trump's campaign has a huge money deficit.
Rep. Jim Himes explains how the NRA uses fear-mongering tactics to silence conversations about gun control.   ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/28MEBX5
Donald Trump fires campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, Rep. Jim Himes explains how the NRA influences Congress, and Jack Garratt performs songs from his album "Phase."
Trevor reacts to Congress' inaction on gun control. http://on.cc.com/28K7bby
Happy Monday!
For Your Enjoyment: A Great Moment in C-SPAN history. #manatees
Plans this Sunday? Head to SummerStage in Central Park for "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Stand-Up in the Park." Free stand-up performances by Trevor Noah, Ronny Chieng, Jordan Klepper, Desi Lydic, Hasan Minhaj, Roy Wood, Jr., Michelle Wolf, and Adam Lowitt.
Deshauna Barber, the first Miss USA to actively serve in the military, explains why she wants to bring attention to veterans with PTSD.
Jordan Klepper finds out why two members of the GOP are clashing over the Virgin Islands' delegates.
Russian and British soccer fans get violent for a third straight day during the UEFA European Championship in France. http://on.cc.com/24XZpgY
Trump has 4% favorability among black voters. http://on.cc.com/2641mOE
"If you need an AK-47 to hunt a deer, you oughta stick to fishing." - Senator Dick Durbin http://on.cc.com/2641sGb
Desi Lydic explains Trump's appeal to middle class white voters. http://on.cc.com/2641LR6
Senate Democrats want to stop anyone on a terror watch-list from buying a gun. http://on.cc.com/1W4cEMJ
Australia is using herpes to get rid of carp. http://on.cc.com/267QfRz
After a 15-hour filibuster, Senate Democrats get Republicans to agree to vote on gun legislation.
Senate Democrats filibuster for 15 hours in a push for gun legislation that would require buyer background checks and ban suspected terrorists from obtaining firearms.   ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/267orN8
Senate Democrats push for gun control in a 15-hour filibuster, Trevor examines Australia's declining species, and Miss USA Deshauna Barber discusses raising awareness for military veterans battling PTSD.
Director Roland Emmerich talks about "Independence Day: Resurgence" and discusses normalizing the LGBT community in movies.
Desi Lydic couldn't wait to meet Miss USA Deshauna Barber tonight!
Trump needs do better with white voters than Mitt Romney did in order to win the election.
Desi Lydic explains Trump's appeal to middle class white voters.
All three of Alabama's highest state offices are facing scandals. http://on.cc.com/1ttv9hW
Donald Trump has a 4% favorability rating among black voters. http://on.cc.com/1ttsgxV
Alabama Governor Robert Bentley responds to rumors about an affair between him and one of his aides. http://on.cc.com/1S7aYes
Jordan Klepper and Desi Lydic discuss white voters, Roy Wood, Jr. examines Alabama's scandal-plagued government, and Roland Emmerich talks about "Independence Day: Resurgence."
Jordan Klepper and Desi Lydic discuss white voters, Roy Wood, Jr. examines Alabama's scandal-plagued government, and Roland Emmerich talks about "Independence Day: Resurgence."
"It's Not Over" author Michelangelo Signorile weighs in on the Orlando shooting and discrimination against the LGBT community. http://on.cc.com/1WO07hl
Chef and host of "Huang's World" Eddie Huang weighs in on the gun culture in Orlando, FL.
After the mass shooting in Florida, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump respond in very different ways.
Yesterday was Donald Trump's 70th birthday.
ICYMI: Desi Lydic got New Yorkers to wish Donald Trump a happy birthday.
Trevor unpacks Donald Trump's response to the mass shooting in Orlando. http://on.cc.com/1rpZ2yA
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton respond to the mass shooting in Orlando, FL, Michelangelo Signorile examines ongoing homophobia, and Eddie Huang discusses "Double Cup Love."
Happy birthday Donald Trump. You may be 70, but you don't look a day over orange. #Make70GreatAgain
Trevor argues for stronger gun regulations after the mass shooting in Orlando. http://on.cc.com/1Utl4w1
Democratic strategist James Carville discusses the rift between Bernie Sanders supporters and Hillary Clinton. http://on.cc.com/1UtptPp
"You know who sees a connection between America's gun laws and terrorism? Terrorists." http://on.cc.com/1U7hzaT
Why the Orlando shooting is a terrorism issue AND a gun issue.
Trevor makes a plea for stronger gun regulations in response to the mass shooting in Orlando.
We're back tonight: it's about guns.
This week on The Daily Show: James Carville, Eddie Huang, Roland Emmerich, and Deshauna Barber.
Hasan Minhaj teams up with the Ali Krieger, Hope Solo, and Becky Sauerbrunn to make a new commercial for the U.S. women's soccer team. http://on.cc.com/1WIZjug
Hasan Minhaj warns Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about the toll his term will take on his looks. http://on.cc.com/1suAx4u
Brazil gears up for the Olympics amid political scandal, rampant pollution and a Zika epidemic.
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has used oppression and violence to stay in power for 35 years (and sounds a lot like someone we know very well).  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1WH4PgI
Michelle Wolf encourages a scandal-plagued Hillary Clinton to be the boss America needs.
Trevor examines the surprising political evolution of The National Rifle Association. http://on.cc.com/1Y2LG8o
Are Syrian refugees in Canada a threat to America? Hasan Minhaj takes a look at the numbers. http://on.cc.com/1PhHA5l
President Obama calls for transgender-friendly bathrooms in public schools.
EXCLUSIVE: Hasan Minhaj plays "Sorry Not Sorry" with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. http://on.cc.com/22JiKmt
Anthony Bourdain picked up the tab after a dinner with President Obama in Vietnam. http://on.cc.com/1Y1azBB
Donald Trump helps Chris Christie pay off the debt from his failed presidential run.
Who's happier? Hasan Minhaj or Ellie Kemper?
Donald Trump speaks at an NRA Leadership Forum after the gun rights organization endorses him. http://on.cc.com/1r3ON2F
Hillary Clinton struggles to win voters amid an ongoing email scandal.
EXCLUSIVE: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau helps bring Hasan Minhaj's spec script to life.
Chris Christie spent $8.1 million on his failed presidential campaign.
Donald Trump doesn't want to sound like a chauvinist. http://on.cc.com/20XR6Aw
The TSA brings in candy, music, therapy horses and clowns to calm travelers in long security lines.
EXCLUSIVE: Hasan Minhaj prepares Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for the physical toll that his position will take on him.
In a new installment of The Chronicles of Narcissism, Trevor unearths a 1994 interview in which Donald Trump explains why he doesn't want his wife working. http://on.cc.com/1r4oNEh
An American Airlines passenger is accused of terrorism after he's seen working on a math problem.
Hasan Minhaj heads to Canada to interview Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. http://on.cc.com/1Y3dQjP
Remember when Chris Christie was shocked to find that Chris Christie was endorsing Trump?
Ronny Chieng explores America's selfie obsession. http://on.cc.com/1Y37GQJ
EXCLUSIVE: Hasan Minhaj plays "Sorry Not Sorry" with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Anthony Bourdain picked up the tab after a dinner with President Obama in Vietnam.
Exclusive footage of Donald Trump composing a tweet.
For the first time in the 2016 presidential election cycle, polls show that GOP candidate Donald Trump is beating Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton.
Desi Lydic attends an NRA convention in Louisville, KY, to learn about gun control from firearm owners.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1WTYIp9
"X-Men: Apocalypse" star Rose Byrne chats about the ups and downs of playing a non-mutant.
After Donald Trump resurfaces a long-debunked conspiracy theory, Roy Wood, Jr. comes up with some conspiracies of his own. http://on.cc.com/1Wt30Ei
As air travel hits record highs, the TSA tries (unsuccessfully) to recruit more workers. The Daily Show is here to help.
Trevor investigates Donald Trump's penchant for conspiracy theories. http://on.cc.com/1XEBnHe
Michelle Wolf weighs in on Hillary Clinton's email scandal. http://on.cc.com/1XEA6zY
Desi Lydic attends an NRA convention in Louisville, KY, to learn about gun control from firearm owners.
Trevor weighs in on gun control.
Donald Trump doesn't trust "Obama and his minions."   ►Trevor breaks down Trump's conspiracy theories: http://on.cc.com/24cqDQx
POLITICO's Chief White House Correspondent Mike Allen breaks down Hillary Clinton's shortcomings with voters and imagines a debate between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump.
President Obama lifts an arms ban on Vietnam, siding with the country in its feud with China.
Donald Trump doesn't want to sound like a chauvinist. http://on.cc.com/1WQIDR9
Trevor reminds Donald Trump that speeches aren't like tweets; you can use full sentences.
Michelle Wolf weighs in on Hillary Clinton's likability. http://on.cc.com/1WQIZY3
In a new installment of The Chronicles of Narcissism, Trevor unearths a 1994 interview in which Donald Trump explains why he doesn't want his wife working. http://on.cc.com/1U0YmXS
Michelle Wolf examines Hillary Clinton's chances of being likable again.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1U0KJIb
President Obama lifts an arms embargo with Vietnam, Michelle Wolf gives Hillary Clinton advice on how to be more likable, and POLITICO's Mike Allen examines the presidential election.
After Donald Trump attempts to link Hillary Clinton to Vince Foster's death, Trevor reminisces Trump's past conspiracy theories.
Corey Pegues discusses his transformation from drug-dealing gang member to NYPD Deputy Inspector in his book "Once a Cop."
Donald Trump promotes widely-discredited conspiracy theories, including one tying the Clintons to Vince Foster's death.
Donald Trump doesn't trust "Obama and his minions."   ►Trevor breaks down Trump's conspiracy theories: http://on.cc.com/1sde23G
Hillary Clinton campaigning in Salinas, California.
Brazil faces political turmoil as they prepare for the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1scFm27
Brazil faces political turmoil as it prepares for the Olympics, Donald Trump ties Hillary Clinton to a discredited conspiracy theory, and Corey Pegues discusses "Once a Cop."
Katie Couric talks about common-sense firearm safety and explains how some weapons dealers circumvent regulations in her documentary "Under the Gun." http://on.cc.com/1TX9ULK
Desi Lydic learns about the NRA's relationship with the Second Amendment.
Desi Lydic is asked not to film inside the NRA convention.
Trevor weighs in on the "control" part of gun control. http://on.cc.com/27SH0q5
Desi Lydic attends an NRA convention in Louisville, KY, to learn about gun control from firearm owners.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1TWSEGl
Trevor examines the surprising political evolution of the NRA.
Donald Trump panders to the attendees of the NRA Leadership Forum after the gun rights organization endorses him.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/27StFOH
The NRA endorses presidential hopeful Donald Trump, Desi Lydic speaks to gun owners about firearm safety, and Katie Couric discusses her documentary "Under the Gun."
Roy Wood, Jr., Adam Lowitt, and Ronny Chieng star in a new recruiting ad for the TSA.
After losing 100 employees every week, the TSA looks to recruit 6,000 new airport security officers.
Bernie doing what Bernie does.
Donald Trump calls for extremely high taxes on foreign imports. http://on.cc.com/1YWoRl2
Donald Trump tells Chris Christie to join him in his Nabisco boycott at a fundraiser in New Jersey. http://on.cc.com/1XRKVz1
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour is killed in the U.S.'s unannounced drone strike in Pakistan.  ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/1XR0GX3
Donald Trump helps Chris Christie pay off the debt from his failed presidential run, the TSA tries to recruit new officers, and Rose Byrne discusses "X-Men: Apocalypse."
After months of squabbling in the media, presidential hopeful Donald Trump and Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly face off.
Donald Trump and Chris Christie, #BFF4EAE
New contributor Eliza Cossio on how Trump can change his image with Latinos. http://on.cc.com/1TlLQoc
This week on The Daily Show: Rose Byrne, Katie Couric, Corey Pegues, and Tip T.I. Harris.
The Supreme Court must decide whether Obamacare can require religious groups to offer contraception coverage through their insurance plans. http://on.cc.com/1szAh4v
Trevor unpacks President Obama's mandate that public schools allow transgender children to use the restroom that matches their gender identity.
Jason Sudeikis discusses his portrayal of Mitt Romney on "Saturday Night Live" and voicing the protagonist in "The Angry Birds Movie."
The Chinese government attempts to prevent violence at pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong by gluing down sidewalk bricks.
Officials in Iran have accused Kim Kardashian of being a spy.
Are Syrian refugees in Canada a threat to America? Hasan Minhaj takes a look at the numbers. http://on.cc.com/23YZnVq
Roy Wood, Jr.  and Eliza Cossio break down Bernie Sanders fans' frustration with the Democratic party.
The Supreme Court issues a 3-page ruling of their non-decision in a major contraception case. http://on.cc.com/1W6rNh8
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau talks about opening his country's doors to Syrian refugees amid American fears of terrorism.   ►Watch: http://on.cc.com/1XCHqfD ►Watch in Canada: http://on.cc.com/1XC1ZJm
Eliza Cossio reveals how Donald Trump can win the Latino vote in the general election.  http://on.cc.com/1TlLMEZ
Arianna Huffington argues that lack of sleep hinders decision-making in her book "The Sleep Revolution" and points to politicians who may need more rest.
Want to hear songs by musical guests on the show? Check out The Daily Show on Apple Music. http://on.cc.com/1W54rIR
Bernie supporters when they think about having to vote for Hillary. http://on.cc.com/1W6Y8o5
Trevor goes under the hood of the transgender bathroom issue.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1W6HuFa
After Nevada's contentious Democratic convention, Roy Wood, Jr. and Eliza Cossio examine the tension between Bernie Sanders supporters and his political party.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1sHg0Kf
Trevor weighs in on the transgender bathroom issue.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1W6GIIf
Trevor unpacks President Obama's mandate requiring public schools to grant transgender students access to bathrooms that are consistent with their gender identity.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1W6r2op
Angry Birds star Jason Sudeikis does NOT mess around. http://on.cc.com/23YWFzo
A politician in Virginia accidentally shares his porn-viewing habits with his online followers.
Just when you thought Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was cool...  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1XCHqfD
After months of squabbling in the media, presidential hopeful Donald Trump and Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly face off.
Exclusive footage of Donald Trump composing a tweet.
Hasan Minhaj speaks with Canadian citizens and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about opening their country's doors to Syrian refugees amid American fears of terrorism.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1XC26Vf ►Watch last night's full episode in Canada: http://on.cc.com/1XC1ZJm
Slate correspondent Dahlia Lithwick examines Merrick Garland's chances of becoming a Supreme Court justice and recalls her time on the college debate circuit with Ted Cruz.
Hasan Minhaj sits down with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to get to the bottom of Canada's refugee threat.
The Supreme Court refuses to rule on a major contraception case without a ninth justice on the bench.
Officials in Iran have accused Kim Kardashian of being a spy.
As Syrian refugees head to Canada, Hasan Minhaj reports on the threat to U.S. borders. http://on.cc.com/1syOcYp
The Supreme Court refuses to rule on a major contraception case without a ninth justice on the bench. http://on.cc.com/1TYuCdN
The Supreme Court won't rule on a pivotal contraception case, Hasan Minhaj reports on Canadians who take in Syrian refugees, and Dahlia Lithwick discusses SCOTUS's future.
"Black-ish" star Anthony Anderson talks about reflecting authentic African-American families on TV.
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus struggles to defend Donald Trump's unscrupulous behavior.
Eliza Cossio explores Donald Trump's relationship with Latino voters.
Trevor on Trump pretending to be his own publicist: "Bravo Donald Trump -- or should I say John Miller, who even though he doesn't exist, is the best PR man around."
Eliza Cossio discusses the GOP's relationship with Latino voters. http://on.cc.com/1Xjxp6P
Audio recordings surface of Donald Trump pretending to be a publicist named John Miller. http://on.cc.com/1TlHeyo
Donald Trump is caught posing as his own fake publicist, Eliza Cossio examines the GOP's chance of winning the Latino vote, and Anthony Anderson discusses "Black-ish."
Bernie Sanders wins the West Virginia primary.
The Trump Nickname Generator is the best, most high-class insult generator. This thing is very, very smart and good!   ►Get your Trump nickname at thedailyshow.com/trumpnicknamegenerator
Trevor tries to get to the bottom of Donald Trump's reluctance about releasing his tax returns.
This week on The Daily Show: Anthony Anderson, Dahlia Lithwick, Jason Sudeikis, and Arianna Huffington.
An American Airlines flight is delayed when an Ivy League professor's math equation is mistaken for a terrorist plot. http://on.cc.com/228LBjW
Trevor's pre-show check-in with Joe Morton of "Scandal" turns out to be way more intense than he was expecting.
The U.S. isn't the only country facing a brusque political extremist like Donald Trump.
Michelle Wolf examines how America ended up with Donald Trump as the imminent GOP presidential nominee. http://on.cc.com/1WqB4Az
Adam Lowitt assesses the civil rights lawsuit North Carolina faces for its anti-trans bathroom bill.
Bernie Sanders beats Hillary Clinton by 15 points in the West Virginia Democratic primary.
Desi Lydic weighs in on unsolicited parenting advice. http://on.cc.com/1UX1Lf2
North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory tries to defend his state's transphobic bathroom bill from a federal lawsuit.
Jordan Klepper examines the claim that most immigrants are criminals. http://on.cc.com/250iLay
North Carolina moves forward with a transphobic bathroom bill. http://on.cc.com/1TAndS9
Jordan Klepper and Hasan Minhaj bask in the irony of the GOP's dissatisfaction with Donald Trump.
Desi Lydic weighs in on modern child rearing, from unsolicited parenting advice to mom-shaming strangers. http://on.cc.com/1Tzl09s
Even Hillary Clinton thinks Donald Trump is being too secretive about his tax returns.
Jordan Klepper tries out the US Citizenship Test. http://on.cc.com/1R1sxfd
B.J. Novak discusses how social media users engage with different rankings on The List App.
Hillary Clinton asks why Donald Trump refuses to release his tax returns. http://on.cc.com/1VW7XVV
Jordan Klepper discusses Mexican crime rates with political commentator Geoffrey Grider. http://on.cc.com/1TbcJfJ
Trevor has a message for #WeakDonald Trump.
Why are you so afraid of releasing your tax returns, Donald J. Trump? Sad! #WeakDonald http://on.cc.com/1TaHotK
Donald Trump won't release his tax returns, Latino immigrants are fast-tracking their paths to citizenship ahead of the 2016 election, and B.J. Novak discusses The List App.
Hey America, Go Trump yourself! Generate your Trump nickname at www.thedailyshow.com/trumpnicknamegenerator
The Dutch have their very own Trump.
Heading for Canada to escape this election is not as easy as Americans think. http://on.cc.com/1Td1DWd
The U.S. isn't the only country facing a brusque political extremist like Donald Trump. http://on.cc.com/1TdA2o5
Data journalist and founder of FiveThirtyEight Nate Silver analyzes what kind of impact Donald Trump's presidential campaign has had on U.S. politics. http://on.cc.com/1Td1Dpe
Queen Elizabeth II comes under fire after criticizing Chinese officials.
Dutch politician Geert Wilder speaks out against Muslim refugees in the Netherlands. http://on.cc.com/1UVRRuf
Queen Elizabeth II calls out Chinese officials for being rude, Bernie Sanders wins the West Virginia Democratic primary, and Nate Silver discusses the presidential election.
Joe Morton talks about portraying Rowan Pope on "Scandal" and explains what attracted him to the role of comedian and activist Dick Gregory in the play "Turn Me Loose."
With Donald Trump as the imminent GOP presidential nominee, Michelle Wolf suggests England and the United States get back together. http://on.cc.com/1TAlmfT
After the U.S. government files a lawsuit against North Carolina for its transphobic legislation, Adam Lowitt breaks down what the state can do to win. http://on.cc.com/1WqfE6o
North Carolina could lose $2 billion in federal education funding if they pass a discriminatory anti-trans bathroom bill.
Michelle Wolf figures out a way for America to save itself from Donald Trump. http://on.cc.com/1TA8nel
The federal government files a lawsuit against North Carolina's transphobic bill.   ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1TzZLUT
The federal government files a lawsuit against North Carolina's anti-trans bill, Michelle Wolf imagines a Donald Trump presidency, and Joe Morton discusses "Turn Me Loose."
Sherman Alexie explains why the Washington Redskins' team name is offensive.
Joe Morton gives Trevor a pep talk before the show.
Republicans finally start to accept Donald Trump as the GOP presidential nominee.
An American Airlines passenger is accused of terrorism after he's seen working on a math problem.
Jordan Klepper and Hasan Minhaj bask in the irony of the GOP's dissatisfaction with Donald Trump. http://on.cc.com/1TzizDU
Desi Lydic gives new moms advice on mom-shaming and how to deal with strangers who judge their parenting style.
An American Airlines flight is delayed when an Ivy League professor's math equation is mistaken for a terrorist plot. ►Full episode:http://on.cc.com/1Tz35Ql
The GOP comes to terms with Donald Trump's imminent presidential nomination, Desi Lydic weighs in on modern motherhood, and Sherman Alexie discusses his book "Thunder Boy Jr."
EXCLUSIVE: "Off Script" author Josh King discusses the end of the "vanilla presidency" and how he helped calculate Bill Clinton's presidential image.
Susan Sarandon shuts down Trevor's Bernie Sanders commentary.
Ronny Chieng weighs in on America's selfie obsession. http://on.cc.com/23xjtWH
This week on The Daily Show: Sherman Alexie, Joe Morton, Nate Silver, and B.J. Novak.
Donald Trump is now the presumptive GOP nominee for President of the United States.
British indie rock band The Heavy performs "Turn Up" from their album "Hurt & the Merciless."
After Ted Cruz and John Kasich drop out of the presidential race, Donald Trump becomes the GOP's presumptive nominee.
Ronny Chieng learns about the mechanics of contested political conventions. http://on.cc.com/1q1443E
Bobby Knight throws a chair and endorses Donald Trump.
Ronny Chieng pays a painful price for underestimating Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
A woman takes Starbucks to court for allegedly putting too much ice in its drinks.
John Kasich ends his presidential campaign doing what he loves most.
"Off Script" author Josh King describes the process of helping politicians appear more presidential.
Ronny Chieng weighs in on America's selfie-obsessed culture.
Trevor takes a look at Trump's shadiest supporters including Mike Tyson and Bobby Knight.
Ronny Chieng learns about the mechanics of contested political conventions as Trump's opponents make a last-ditch effort to deny him the presidential nomination.
Ted Cruz suspends his presidential bid after Donald Trump emerges as the GOP's presumptive nominee.
Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump attempts to clear the air with Hispanic voters.
Bernie Sanders continues his presidential campaign.
John Kasich officially ends his presidential campaign.
British indie rock band The Heavy performs "Since You Been Gone" from their album "Hurt & the Merciless."   ►Full performance: http://on.cc.com/270uyUV
Ronny Chieng weighs in on the consequences of America's selfie obsession, including the tweet that halted Laremy Tunsil's NFL draft prospects.
Donald Trump attempts to clear the air with hispanic voters. http://on.cc.com/1q3BXkt
Trevor attempts to address a few problematic issues with Bernie Sanders's policies without making waves with the presidential candidate's supporters. http://on.cc.com/26ZUIHi
Bernie Sanders continues his presidential campaign, Ronny Chieng reports on America's rising selfie obsession, and The Heavy performs songs from their album "Hurt & the Merciless."
Bethany Cosentino of Best Coast discusses the realities of sexism and abuse in the music industry.
John Kasich quit the presidential race doing what he loved.
TFW you're the new host of The Daily Show, and Donald Trump is the presumptive GOP presidential nominee. http://on.cc.com/1ZjBYwH
Ted Cruz suspends his presidential bid after Donald Trump emerges as the GOP's presumptive nominee. http://on.cc.com/1ZjC1Ze
Hasan Minhaj sits down with Gavin McInnes and members of the U.S. women's soccer team to discuss the wage disparity between the men's team and the women's.   ►Watch: http://on.cc.com/1XaLuDH
Donald J. Trump is now the presumptive GOP nominee for President of the United States.
Hasan Minhaj got the details on the U.S. Soccer pay gap. #EqualPlayEqualPay cc.com/equalpay
Hasan Minhaj sits down with Hope Solo, Ali Krieger, and Becky Sauerbrunn of the U.S. women's soccer team to learn why they are insisting on being paid the same as their male counterparts. http://on.cc.com/1WKYeAA
A woman takes Starbucks to court for allegedly putting too much ice in its drinks.
Tonight! Hasan Minhaj asks if the Women's U.S. Soccer team can kick it, and finds out that, yes, yes they can.
Heidi Cruz's face must have felt like one of the bricks in Super Mario Brothers.
California Representative Duncan Hunter attempts to prove a point with a "sarcastic" bill demanding that women be made eligible for the military draft, but it receives unexpected support in Congress.
Ted Cruz received harsh criticism in Indiana, including one man who yelled, "You look like a fish monster, and you're a terrible person!"
ISIS militants are allegedly afraid of woman fighters. http://on.cc.com/1ruLa6A
Ted Cruz fires back after Donald J. Trump ties his father to Lee Harvey Oswald.   ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1ruLaDF
Starbucks faces a lawsuit over excessive amounts of ice, Donald J. Trump ties Ted Cruz's father to Lee Harvey Oswald, and author Josh King discusses his book "Off Script."
"Game of Thrones" star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau predicts dark days after the Indiana primary.
"Game of Thrones" star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau examines the American presidential race from a Danish perspective.
Bobby Knight endorses Donald J. Trump.
Doom and betrayal expert Nikolaj Coster-Waldau of Game of Thrones provides a harsh update about the Indiana primary. http://on.cc.com/1Z94EIL
Ted Cruz attacks Donald J. Trump for his endorsement from convicted rapist Mike Tyson. http://on.cc.com/1W6SGBS
Ronny Chieng learns about the mechanics of contested conventions as Donald Trump's opponents make a last-ditch effort to deny him the presidential nomination.   ►More: http://on.cc.com/1Z8xAk3
Game of Thrones star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau predicts dark days after the Indiana primary.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1W6w0ln
Donald J. Trump surrounds himself with questionable supporters, Ronny Chieng investigates contested conventions, and Trevor chats with "Game of Thrones" star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau.
Game of Thrones actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau is here. Trevor cut off his own hand to make him feel more at home.
John Kasich and Ted Cruz team up after Donald J. Trump sweeps five primaries.
Malia Obama will be taking a gap year before Harvard, plans to save up money babysitting Biden.
Have you ever looked at the bottom of your television screen and said WTF? We're looking for your best lower thirds. http://on.cc.com/1SIVDlL
This week on The Daily Show: Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Josh King, Bethany Cosentino, and The Heavy.
Donald J. Trump lobs sexist remarks at Hillary Clinton, and the Democratic frontrunner fires back.
Jordan Peele and Keegan-Michael Key chat about their action-comedy film "Keanu," code-switching, and being in an open relationship.
Hasan Minhaj and Waris Ahluwalia discuss how Islamophobia is affecting America's (non-Muslim) Sikh population.
Danielle Brooks discusses the trajectory of her career, from Orange Is the New Black to her role in Broadway's "The Color Purple."
Lewis Black is not happy with Michael Strahan for leaving "Live with Kelly and Michael."
Two convicted felons discuss their recently obtained voting rights in Virginia.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order to restore voting rights to previously incarcerated citizens, much to the dismay of Fox News.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1VVV2Tj
Former GOP House Speaker John Boehner refers to Ted Cruz as "Lucifer in the flesh," and the presidential candidate taps Carly Fiorina as his hypothetical running mate.
GOP candidate Donald J. Trump cries foul after Ted Cruz and John Kasich forge an alliance against him.
Michelle Wolf discusses the end of New York's controversial tax on tampons and the taboo surrounding periods and the word "vagina."  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1VVV0Lk
Two convicted felons reject their recently obtained voting rights in Virginia.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SNqiRh
Black Trump (Roy Wood, Jr.) debuts "They Love Me," a rap composed entirely of actual Donald J. Trump quotes.
Ricky Gervais discusses his Netflix film "Special Correspondents" and reflects on his fascination with dishonesty and truth.
Ted Cruz announces Carly Fiorina as his running mate.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1robQGk
Ted Cruz taps Carly Fiorina as his hypothetical running mate.
Black Trump (Roy Wood, Jr.) debuts "They Love Me," a rap composed entirely of actual Donald J. Trump quotes.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SDpXyi ►Lyrics, song, photos and more: www.yourboyblacktrump.com
Carly Fiorina sings a creepy song while stumping for presidential hopeful Ted Cruz.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SD9ABD
Black Trump (Roy Wood, Jr.) debuts "They Love Me," a rap song composed entirely of actual Donald J. Trump quotes.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1rnhsAv ►Visit yourboyblacktrump.com for full lyrical annotations powered by Genius
Is Lewis Black replacing Michael Strahan on "Live with Kelly and Michael"?  ►See his audition: http://on.cc.com/26y1aoL
"The Wilderness" author McKay Coppins chats about his bizarre weekend at Donald J. Trump's house in Palm Beach and writing for BuzzFeed News.
Black Trump. Coming soon.
Lewis Black attempts to replace Michael Strahan on "Live with Kelly and Michael."
Ted Cruz takes heat for referring to a basketball hoop as a "ring" during a speech in Indiana.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SNqtvD
Lewis Black discusses who should replace Michael Strahan on "LIVE with Kelly and Michael," including a bid from Lil' Bow Wow.
22% of John Kasich supporters say Donald J. Trump is their second choice.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SMZ3pL
Donald J. Trump thinks that Hillary Clinton should stop "shouting."  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/26x8GjG
Last night, Lewis Black shared his audition reel to replace Michael Strahan on Live with Kelly & Michael.  We have a challenge for you: download the green screen images and video from the shoot below and put Lewis somewhere interesting. Share by commenting on this thread, Reddit, Twitter or anywhere else using #LewisBlackSpitTake.  ►Video: http://on.cc.com/26x0hN8 ►Images: http://on.cc.com/26x0j7L ►Photoshop Battle: http://on.cc.com/1WUcFmj
After Governor Terry McAuliffe receives backlash for restoring voting rights to previously incarcerated citizens in Virginia, Trevor explains why the issue is rooted in racism.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1VVV0Le
Digital contributor Eliza Cossio asks Senior Political Writer for BuzzFeed News McKay Coppins "Which BuzzFeed Writer Are You?"
Michelle Wolf discusses the tax on tampons and the taboo surrounding the word "vagina."  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SBIF9x
Two convicted felons discuss their recently obtained voting rights in Virginia.
Michelle Wolf discusses the end of New York's controversial tax on tampons and the taboo surrounding periods and the word "vagina."  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SBjUtQ
Fox News explains that convicted felons shouldn't have the right to vote because they have a "loose relationship with the truth."
Two of Virginia's convicted felons join Trevor and Jordan to voice their objections to their newly acquired voting rights.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1SAJnUm
Trevor on rumors that Jay Z had an affair with a mystery woman: http://on.cc.com/1VUZwty
Tonight! Will Key & Peele and Trevor all fit in one chair?
Hasan Minhaj sits down with designer and actor Waris Ahluwalia to find out how Islamophobia is affecting America's (non-Muslim) Sikh population.
After the media frenzy surrounding Beyoncé's visual album "Lemonade," Trevor wonders why JAY Z's rumored infidelity is blamed on the mystery woman.
Trevor and actress Danielle Brooks do the Taystee dance and discuss the trajectory of her career, from Orange Is the New Black to the Broadway adaptation of "The Color Purple." http://on.cc.com/1VUJ2BH
After a rise in Islamophobic bigotry towards America's Sikh population, Hasan Minhaj explores how much Americans actually know about them.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1TuMIXk
Republican candidates Ted Cruz and John Kasich join forces to defeat Donald J. Trump's bid for the GOP presidential nomination.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/21esMet
Beyoncé's "Lemonade" album creates a media frenzy, Hasan Minhaj talks to Sikh victims of Islamophobia, and Danielle Brooks discusses her Broadway turn in "The Color Purple."
Donald Trump didn't like Beyonce's Lemonade dominating the news this weekend, so he made this. http://on.cc.com/1WRogT4
This week on The Daily Show: Danielle Brooks, Keegan-Michael Key & Jordan Peele, McKay Coppins and Ricky Gervais.
Trevor imagines using a $20 bill with Harriet Tubman printed on it.
While speaking at a rally in Buffalo, NY, Donald Trump mistakenly states that the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York City occurred on 7/11.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1pi6oDe
Roy Wood, Jr. shares his gloomy outlook about Harriet Tubman's placement on the $20 bill.
Trevor does his best impression of a Trinidadian accent and explains why people from that country could never go to war.  ►More Between the Scenes: http://on.cc.com/1T7QYJD
Ellie Kemper chats about "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt"and laughing so hard you pee. http://on.cc.com/1qXrBUe
Trevor and Dr. Ben Carson debate Donald Trump's expertise as a business leader.  ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1phQMzv
Desi Lydic takes a look at the "New York Values" Ted Cruz isn't a fan of. http://on.cc.com/23XUy0L
A European tech company introduces a "smart mattress" that sends a text to users if the bed is being used while they're away.
Trevor offers advice to Brazil after its congress votes to impeach President Dilma Rousseff on corruption charges.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1r0nXcv
After Brazil's Congress votes to impeach President Dilma Rousseff on corruption charges, Trevor explains how to "influence" government without breaking laws. http://on.cc.com/1r0nkzx
Brazilians cheered as they watched the vote to impeach their president.
Ellie Kemper is breaking boundaries for women everywhere.  ►See the full interview to find out how: http://on.cc.com/1qXrmsw
Even Harriet Tubman might not be immune to whitewashing.
Former DNC chairman, Howard Dean, is well known around here.  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1ToGs3o
Desi Lydic scores some fast cash while asking New Yorkers how they feel about Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1U8Aupy
Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean weighs in on Bernie Sanders's uphill battle for the White House and explains why he is supporting Hillary Clinton's presidential candidacy.
Hasan Minhaj discusses corporate tax evasion in Delaware.
Trevor compares Andrew Jackson to Batman. http://on.cc.com/1U8Shgv
Fox News pundits suggest that the plan to replace Andrew Jackson with Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill is an example of political correctness run amok.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1U8A6qZ
Desi Lydic scams her fellow New Yorkers, Hasan Minhaj offers tax evasion tips, and Howard Dean gives his take on Bernie Sanders's presidential election campaign.
Sturgill Simpson plays the song "Call to Arms" from his album "A Sailor's Guide to Earth."
Trevor on Donald Trump's New York primary win:
Here's why "New York, New York" is the perfect Donald Trump anthem. http://on.cc.com/1YJ2IX5
All of the greatest 90s scandals culminate into one TV movie starring The Best F#@king News Team.
The media is praising Donald Trump for appearing "presidential."
After the New York primary, Ted Cruz says America is best "when she is lying down with her back on the mat" during his concession speech.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1SxZibt
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump win the New York primaries, The news team relives the 90s, and Sturgill Simpson performs songs from "A Sailor's Guide to Earth."
Dr. Ben Carson faces off against his brother Ken Carson to see who can say more words in 10 seconds.
Jordan Klepper tries very hard to have a heart to heart with Sturgill Simpson.
Who's happier? Hasan Minhaj or Ellie Kemper?  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/242Cz9a
Vote The Daily Show for "Best Use of Data Driven Media" in this year's The Webby Awards. See? We're driving your data right now! http://on.cc.com/1qZgb2u
While speaking at a rally in Buffalo, NY, Donald J. Trump mistakenly states that the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York City occurred on 7/11.
Dr. Ben Carson envisions the future of the U.S. if Donald Trump wins the 2016 election and explains why he endorsed him for the Republican presidential nomination    ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1MIqrWM
Dr. Ben Carson reunites with his identical twin Ken Carson to discuss Donald Trump, the affordable care act and guns.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1MIm8dW
Brazil's Congress votes to impeach President Dilma Rousseff, Dr. Ben Carson defends his endorsement of Donald J. Trump and debates his estranged twin brother Ken Carson.
Donald Trump after his New York Primary victory.
Dr. Ben Carson, world famous for separating conjoined twins, takes on a new challenge.
Tonight, Trevor finally meets the man he's been channeling for months: Dr. Ben Carson.
After GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz bemoans New York City's values, Desi Lydic asks tourists and locals to weigh in.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SqH4p5
Southwest Airlines removed a college student from his flight for speaking Arabic.
After Ted Cruz bemoans New York City's values, Desi Lydic asks locals to weigh in ahead of the New York Primary. #Election2016  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SqU6CT
George Clooney is fundraising to get the Citizens United ruling overturned, which would reduce fundraising in politics.   ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/1rfaZYB
A Muslim man is kicked off a Southwest flight for speaking Arabic, Desi Lydic teaches Ted Cruz about "New York values," and Ellie Kemper discusses "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt."
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's Ellie Kemper is here tonight!
Trevor examines Donald Trump's failed line of health products sold under the shady Trump Network.
Japanese scientists have invented a full-body virtual reality suit that simulates sex.
Trevor breaks down how the GOP and Democratic candidates actually win delegates.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1WBi3uh
This week on The Daily Show: Ellie Kemper, Dr. Ben Carson, Sturgill Simpson and Howard Dean.
W. Kamau Bell stops by to talk about meeting with the KKK for his new CNN series "United Shades of America."  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/20L36WM
The TSA tries to recover from an embarrassing investigation in which screeners failed to catch potential threats in 67 out of 70 tests.
Former GOP Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert is indicted on banking charges after withdrawing large sums of money to pay off his alleged molestation victim.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1SONeMY
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and John Kasich do their best to win over voters in the Big Apple.
Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper weigh in on when race jokes are appropriate.
The TSA spends nearly $47,000 creating an airport app that randomly selects which security lane passengers will enter.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1qS7Q0M
Jennifer Hudson talks about taking on powerful female roles in the Broadway musical "The Color Purple" and in the Clarence Thomas biopic "Confirmation."
Trevor breaks down how GOP and Democratic presidential candidates actually win delegates.
Jordan Klepper takes a Japanese virtual reality sex suit for a test drive.
To protest North Carolina's discriminatory LGBT law, the porn site xHamster blocked users from the state.
Due to a statute of limitations, former GOP Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert won't face charges for allegedly molesting students while he was a high school wrestling coach.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/23LTAUZ
W. Kamau Bell stops by to talk about the uncomfortable discussions about racism on his new CNN series "United Shades of America."  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/23LnXLo
After his honeymoon, Ted Cruz went out and bought "literally 100 cans of Campbell's chunky soup."
Ted Cruz's attempt to bolster his approval ratings backfires when he enlists his family.
Trevor breaks down how GOP and Democratic presidential candidates actually win delegates.
Trevor explores the delegate process and Donald J. Trump sings a song about democracy.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1W46xHh
Ted Cruz tries to appear likable at a CNN town hall.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1Nd11Ax
Trevor explores how GOP and Democratic presidential candidates actually win delegates, Ted Cruz tries to appear likable at a CNN town hall, and W. Kamau Bell discusses "United Shades of America."
Trevor examines Donald J. Trump's failed line of health products including a vitamin service in which customers had to send their urine through the mail.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SO1NjV
Ken Jeong talks about the transition from being a doctor to playing one on his show "Dr. Ken" and weighs in on representing Asian Americans on television.
Died waiting for the new Yeezys.
Trevor examines Donald J. Trump's failed line of health products and lack of an inside voice.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SO1NjV
Connecticut lawmakers want to get rid of the statute of limitations on child sex abuse cases, but they're running into opposition from the Roman Catholic Church.
We're taking our show on the road this summer for the 2016 Republican and Democratic National Conventions.  ►Cleveland: dailyshow.com/RNCtickets ►Philadelphia: dailyshow.com/DNCtickets
Jessica Williams and Ronny Chieng examine discrimination against minority singles in online dating  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1SO5Cpr
Former GOP Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert is indicted on banking charges after withdrawing large sums of money to pay off an alleged molestation victim.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1VrVVUc
Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert is indicted on banking charges, Trevor examines Donald J. Trump's failed line of health products, and Ken Jeong discusses "Dr. Ken."
Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper weigh in on when race jokes are appropriate.
King Bach stops by to chat about his new movie "Meet the Blacks."  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1qRZDcX
During a skit with presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio makes an ill-advised joke about "colored people's time."
First ice cream flavor that tastes like mothballs and soup.
Have you ever felt the need to ask someone, "What are you?" Jessica Williams has some advice.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1S73I3o
When you go from 'hood to corporate real quick (feat. King Bach, Klarity, Roy Wood, Jr. and Trevor Noah).  ►Watch the interview: http://on.cc.com/1S7mis3
Bruce Springsteen and porn site xHamster protest North Carolina's anti-LGBT law.
In a skit with presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio makes an ill-advised joke about "colored people time."  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1S6DpKJ
Mayor Bill de Blasio makes a joke about "colored people time," Ronny Chieng and Jessica Williams examine sexual racism, and Vine star King Bach discusses "Meet the Blacks."
EXCLUSIVE: Ronny Chieng and Jessica Williams take a look at racist dating profiles.   Have you ever come across profiles or private messaging like this? Share your stories and screenshots using #SexualRacism (just be sure to blur out names, faces and other identifiable information).
"Excellent credit scores" is just another way of saying "white" right? Can we just say "white?"
The TSA tries to recover from an embarrassing investigation in which screeners failed to catch potential threats in 67 out of 70 tests.
Architect: "I'm already finished, don't you see it? Now give me my money."
Japanese scientists invent a full-body virtual reality suit that simulates sex.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1T1Sj7t
Trevor proposes that the U.S. elect both a president and mascot to eliminate campaign woes.
Jennifer Hudson gives the audience a taste of "The Circle of Life" and discusses her role as an alleged victim of sexual assault in "Confirmation."  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1Sdt6tG
Donald J. Trump admits that two of his children forgot to register to vote and Hillary Clinton has a hard time figuring out how to swipe a metro card.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1T1tDMm
Hillary Clinton  and John Kasich make campaign missteps in New York City, Jordan Klepper tests a Japanese virtual reality sex suit, and Jennifer Hudson stops by to discusses "Confirmation."
Want to hear what we're playing in the studio and more fun stuff? Well, welcome us to Spotify! Come on, WELCOME US! http://on.cc.com/1oS6nFI
Trevor has a hard time recovering from Donald Trump's objectification of his infant daughter.
A 1994 clip of Donald Trump on "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" shows the billionaire mogul reducing his infant daughter Tiffany Trump to her female body parts.
Multiple U.S. governors have told non-essential state employees not to travel to North Carolina on official business due to it's discrimination against the LGBT community.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1XkezKQ
Officials respond by not testing any more water. #TheLessYouKnow
After his Wisconsin win, presidential hopeful Ted Cruz claims he's uniting the Republican Party.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1NeWqIH
"As soon as you turn 4.5 billion years old, it all starts to sag." -Earth
This week on The Daily Show: Jennifer Hudson, King Bach, Ken Jeong and W. Kamau Bell.  ►Get free tickets: dailyshow.com/tickets
A 1994 clip of Donald J. Trump on "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" shows the billionaire mogul objectifying his infant daughter.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Neds9Y
TransTech Social Enterprises founder Angelica Ross explains how her organization creates a safe space for LGBT workers and educates the cis community on trans issues.
Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz has a tough time appealing to New Yorkers while Donald J. Trump is right at home.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1NeWIiV
Jessica Williams sits down with Colorado Representative Gordon Klingenschmitt to discuss transphobic bathroom laws.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1WhN4mQ
Despite winning a World Cup and generating more revenue than their male counterparts, the U.S. women's soccer team is paid four times less than the men's team.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1ROUUyQ
South African President Jacob Zuma used $15 million in government funds to renovate his home.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1NdNrr7
EXCLUSIVE: Trevor and DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz discuss the state of the Democratic Party in this extended interview.
Jessica Williams interviews Meagan Taylor and other members of the trans community about the discrimination they face.
According to a bill making its way through the Kansas House and Senate, schools would have to pay $2,500 to students who encounter a transgender student in the bathroom.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1WiLLEe
Trevor has a hard time recovering from Donald Trump's objectification of his infant daughter.
Trevor and DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz discuss the tensions between presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.  ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/22arhNA
Michelle Wolf weighs in on male politicians using their wives to appeal to female voters.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Neds9M
Juan Williams chats about bringing a liberal perspective to the Fox News show The Five  and discusses the figures who influenced American history in his book "We the People."
New contributor Michelle Wolf explores the role of presidential candidate wives.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Nf3SDK
Trump Supporters beat Global Warming in the championship match of Third Month Mania.
After his Wisconsin win, presidential hopeful Ted Cruz claims he's uniting the Republican Party.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Ne3NAj
Michelle Wolf unpacks Donald J. Trump's strategy of using his wife Melania Trump to pander to women.
Trump supporters are Third Month Mania champions! Congratulations, Americans officially hate you more than the destruction of the entire planet.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1NdYQY6
Michelle Wolf unpacks the role of wives on the campaign trail, The Best F#@king News Team celebrates the Third Month Mania winner, and Juan Williams discusses "We the People."
According to a bill making its way through the Kansas House and Senate, schools would have to pay $2,500 to students who encounter a transgender student in the bathroom.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Xk8Q7R
TransTech Social Enterprises founder Angelica Ross explains how her organization creates a safe space for LGBT workers and educates the community on trans issues.
Jessica Williams sits down with Colorado Representative Gordon Klingenschmitt to discuss transphobic bathroom laws.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1XjV1GD
Trevor on Donald J. Trump's loss in Wisconsin: "Trump got grilled, and he got grilled by the cheese state. Congratulations, Wisconsin. You finally did the thing that even Donald Trump couldn't do, and that was stop Donald trump."  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1XjV1Gz
Trans Tech Social Enterprises founder Angelica Ross explains how members of the trans community are affected by discrimination in the workplace.  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1XjL4J4
Jessica Williams speaks with Meagan Taylor and other members of the trans community to find out how transphobia affects their everyday lives.   ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1RGsH0D
North Carolina and Kansas pass transphobic bathroom laws, Jessica Williams examines trans panic, and Angelica Ross discusses TransTech Social Enterprises.
Comedian Jerrod Carmichael discusses the controversial subjects in his sitcom "The Carmichael Show" and ponders being a black Republican.
For exhibition matches, female players earn nothing for a loss or tie while male players earn a minimum of $5,000 per game, no matter the outcome.
It all comes down to this. Pick your poison: Global Warming or Trump Supporters? www.thirdmonthmania.com
In a 1994 episode of "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous," Donald J. Trump was asked what attributes his infant daughter shared with his wife.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1ROAMgk
Despite generating more revenue than their male counterparts, the U.S. women's soccer team is paid four times less.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1ROoiW5
A 1994 clip of Donald J. Trump on "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" shows the billionaire mogul objectifying his infant daughter.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1ROez2a
The U.S. women's soccer team calls for pay equal to their male counterparts, Trevor examines Donald J. Trump's sexist past, and Jerrod Carmichael discusses "The Carmichael Show."
Dozens of world dignitaries are linked to shady offshore businesses thanks to a Panama law firm.
As the battle for the Democratic presidential nomination heats up, Jordan Klepper explains why Hillary Clinton shut down Bernie Sanders's debate request.
South African President Jacob Zuma used $15 million in government funds to renovate his home.
We're down to the final round of Third Month Mania. What is making Americans the maddest: Trump Supporters or Global Warming? www.thirdmonthmania.com
The National Enquirer alleges that Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz had extramarital affairs with five different women.   ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/229JB9n
Trevor and Debbie Wasserman Schultz discuss superdelegates and the state of the DNC.  ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/229IQgL
Trevor and DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz discuss the tension between presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.   ►Watch the extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1MbazMe
Trevor and DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz discuss the tension between presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
Hillary Clinton denies Bernie Sanders's debate request, Debbie Wasserman Schultz weighs in on the presidential election, and a Panama law firm reveals global corruption.
Jessica Williams takes aim at the voter shaming between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders supporters.
We're down to the final two teams of Third Month Mania. What is making Americans the maddest: Trump Supporters or Global Warming? http://thirdmonthmania.com
This week on The Daily Show: Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Jerrod Carmichael, Angelica Ross and Juan Williams.  ►Get free tickets: dailyshow.com/tickets
"Indentured" author Joe Nocera examines ways for mistreated college athletes to fight back against the NCAA.
Ronny Chieng investigates the Tri-Faith Initiative in Omaha, NE, which hopes to develop a shared religious space that will house a church, a synagogue and a mosque.
Which democratic candidate deserves the black vote: Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton?  ► Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper investigate: http://on.cc.com/1qagPtQ
It's the last day to vote in F#@king Four of Third Month Mania. What is making Americans the maddest?
Adam Lowitt tries to make sense of anti-Semitism at Donald J. Trump rallies.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1N0XWho
Trevor and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham discuss how Donald J. Trump became the GOP frontrunner.  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1qbEWIJ
Donald J. Trump and the GOP are a perfect match. http://on.cc.com/1q6n7uo
We're down to the F#@king Four of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder: Global Warming or Slow WiFi? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Joe Nocera explains how the NCAA takes advantage of college athletes and discusses how the mistreated players can fight back.  ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1StqmCL
Trevor addresses concerns that correspondent Ronny Chieng's Chinese accent is fake.  ►More Between the Scenes: http://on.cc.com/1WYAYx1
Neal Brennan puts Kanye West's erratic behavior and Kim Kardashian West nude selfie into perspective.
We're down to the F#@king Four of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder: Trump Supporters or Traffic?   ►Vote now: www.thirdmonthmania.com
Craig Mazin, Ted Cruz's college roommate, on Ted Cruz: "[He] is a nightmare of a human being. I have plenty of problems with his politics, but truthfully his personality is so awful that 99% of why I hate him is just his personality. If he agreed with me on every issue, I would only hate him 1% less."   ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1LTv5K3
Can Trump supporters tell the difference between a racist sandwich and Donald J. Trump?   ►Jordan Klepper investigates: http://on.cc.com/1q9Oynh
EXCLUSIVE: Before shooting pool with Trevor, Senator Lindsey Graham talks about Donald Trump's control of the GOP and what the U.S. could be doing to defeat ISIS in the Middle East.  ►More Between the Scenes: http://on.cc.com/1MC9w7L
Lewis Black responds to Fox News's claim that Barack Obama and Osama bin Laden were friendly because they both believed in climate change.
Sacha Baron Cohen talks about his filmmaking process and "The Brothers Grimsby."  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1PHuZqP
We're down to the F#@king Four of Third Month Mania. Which two teams will make it to the finals? www.thirdmonthmania.com
After Donald J. Trump threatens Heidi Cruz on Twitter, Ted Cruz borrows a line from Michael Douglas.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1MBEXzf
We're down to the final four issues of Third Month Mania: Trump Supporters vs. Traffic and Global Warming vs. Slow WiFi. Who will make it to the championship and be crowned as the No. 1 issue Americans are maddest about? www.thirdmonthmania.com
After Apple refuses to help the FBI hack a terrorist's iPhone, the government agency finds a way to get into the cellphone without the tech company.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1UzYwuU
Donald J. Trump makes an ideal GOP presidential candidate, even if other Republicans don't believe it.
Roy Wood, Jr. breaks down NBA player Thabo Sefolosha's fight against a wrongful arrest.
Television Pastor Mark Burns opened for Donald J. Trump at an event in North Carolina and had a few things to say about Jewish democratic candidate Bernie Sanders.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1WY3M8W
A homophobic pastor in New York City may lose his church to the LGBT community.  ►Jessica Williams reports: http://on.cc.com/1UzYwuQ
Global Warming is up against Police Brutality in the fourth round of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Trevor has changed his stance on the relationship between Donald J. Trump and African Dictators.  ►More Between the Scenes: http://on.cc.com/1SrGWFw
Clickbait is up against Slow WiFi in the fourth round of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz tries to score political points by using the terrorist attack in Brussels to criticize Barack Obama.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1ZIQzCz
Trevor and Lindsey Graham discuss how Donald J. Trump became the Republican frontrunner.  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1Uyfg5M
UPSET ALERT: Traffic beat out ATM Fees, moving on to face Weird Smells in the Disgraceful Eight round of Third Month Mania. What makes Americans the maddest? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Traffic defeated ATM Fees in the Sickening Sixteen round of Third Month Mania, but how will they fare against Weird Smells in the Disgraceful Eight www.thirdmonthmania.com
Trump Supporters and Congress are going head-to-head in the Disgraceful Eight round of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder? Vote now at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Microsoft's chatbot Tay picked up some troubling phrases from twitter, including a claim that the Holocaust was made up.
Police Brutality defeated Xenophobia in the Sickening Sixteen round of Third Month Mania, but how will they fare against Global Warming in the Disgraceful Eight? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Third Month Mania fourth round voting is officially open. What is making Americans the maddest?  You decide: www.thirdmonthmania.com
Trevor describes the time when he confused the NAACP and the NCAA.  ►More Between the Scenes: http://on.cc.com/1SbVtCv
Trevor and Senator Lindsey Graham try to find the good in Donald J. Trump over a game of pool.
Xenophobia and Police Brutality face-off in the 3rd round of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas explains how his country became a leader in technology.  ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1SbVtCx
Roy Wood, Jr. does a word-for-word reenactment of Donald J. Trump's interview with Washington Post.
Global Warming and Homophobia go head-to-head in the 3rd round of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
The U.K.'s decision to let the public name a research ship has led to a top choice of "Boaty McBoatface."  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SbVuqc
Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas weighs in on a series of terrorist attacks in Brussels.
Spoilers and Clickbait face-off in the 3rd round of Third Month Mania. Which makes Americans madder? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Desi Lydic explores what Cuba may become now that U.S. companies are striking deals on the island.
Trevor examines GOP front-runner Donald J. Trump's success in this week's "How The F**k We Got Here."
Round 3 of Third Month Mania is officially open! Which makes you madder: Martin Shkreli or U.S. Congress? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
After Donald J. Trump threatens Heidi Cruz on Twitter, Ted Cruz borrows a line from Michael Douglas.  ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/1pKf46n
Ethan Hawke explains how he got into character for his role as Chet Baker in "Born to Be Blue."
Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz tries to score political points by using a terrorist attack in Brussels to criticize Barack Obama.
Exclusive: Before shooting pool with Trevor, Senator Lindsey Graham talks about Donald J. Trump's control of the GOP and what the U.S. could be doing to defeat ISIS in the Middle East.  ►More Between the Scenes: http://on.cc.com/25oM58s
Microsoft's new chatbot Tay picked up some troubling phrases while learning how to tweet.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1SbbdFX
In the Sickening 16 round of Third Month Mania, Roy Wood, Jr. and Hasan Minhaj make their picks for Martin Shkreli versus Congress and global warming versus homophobia, and then highlight the Cinderella team of the tournament.  ►What is making Americans the maddest? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Now that the FBI can hack into an iPhone without Apple, the tech giant wants to know how.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1Sb6VOX
Ted Cruz blasts President Obama's response to bombings in Brussels, Roy Wood, Jr. and Hasan Minhaj weigh Third Month Mania rivals, and Ethan Hawke discusses "Born to Be Blue."
Things are heating up in the Sickening Sixteen round of Third Month Mania. Trump Supporters Vs. White Terrorists: which makes Americans madder?   ►Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Donald J. Trump makes an ideal GOP presidential candidate, even if other Republicans don't believe it.
Lindsey Graham weighs in on Donald J. Trump as a GOP presidential candidate.
Trevor challenges Lindsey Graham to a game of pool.   ►Watch the extended video: http://on.cc.com/1ZxGDvA
Republicans may deny Donald J. Trump, but he's an ideal GOP presidential candidate.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1ZxaxQE
Senator Lindsey Graham on Trump Vs. Cruz as the GOP's presidential nominee: "It's like being shot or poisoned. What does it really matter?"  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1Zx5TST
South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham examines Donald J. Trump's political rise and explains why he begrudgingly endorsed Ted Cruz  for the GOP presidential nomination.  ►Watch the full interview: http://on.cc.com/1pK2ZxX
Trevor examines how the GOP ended up with Donald J. Trump and Senator Lindsey Graham  explains why he begrudgingly endorsed presidential hopeful Ted Cruz.
Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas weighs in on the terrorist attacks in Europe.  ► Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1UH1iOk
This re-enactment is a verbatim excerpt from Donald Trump's interview with the Washington Post editorial board starring Roy Wood, Jr. as Black Trump.
Senator Lindsey Graham and Desi Lydic have something in common.
The U.K. has decided to let the public name a 300 million dollar research ship. The top choice so far is "Boaty McBoatface."
Roy Wood, Jr. finds out why the NBA's Thabo Sefolosha refused to take a plea deal after being beat and wrongfully arrested by the NYPD. http://on.cc.com/1UH0lFD
After a huge first round upset, Roy Wood, Jr. and Hasan Minhaj put a team spotlight on the Kardashians. http://on.cc.com/21H8zwD
Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas explains how his country became a world leader in technology and weighs in on the terrorist attacks in Brussels.  ►Extended interview: http://on.cc.com/21H7cho
Desi Lydic weighs in on the looming Americanization of Cuba.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/21H5YCU
President Obama visits Cuba, Roy Wood, Jr. finds out how Thabo Sefolosha beat a wrongful arrest, and Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas discusses Estonia's technological advances.
CBS's Les Moonves on Trump: "Who would've thought this circus would come to town?...It may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS."
Roy Wood, Jr. and Hasan Minhaj look at the victory odds for Third Month Mania favorite: tangled headphone cords. Vote on this and more at thirdmonthmania.com
As computer AI gets smarter, Ronny Chieng  is confident there will still be a place for humans.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/22Dhj9r
"Writing My Wrongs" author Shaka Senghor weighs in on criminal justice reform.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has gone from reality show spectacle to political terror, and it's partially thanks to the news media.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/22u5WEf
Hoverboards Vs. Slow Wifi: which one makes you the maddest and why? The second round of Third Month Mania is now live. Cast your votes at thirdmonthmania.com
Roy Wood, Jr. and Hasan Minhaj take a hard look at just how much it sucks to be stuck with a slow WiFi connection. http://www.thirdmonthmania.com
UPSET ALERT! Trump Supporters defeat Trump in the first round of Third Month Mania. How will they fare against Anti-Vaxxers? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Are there two Donald Trumps? It depends which one you ask. http://on.cc.com/1LxbTbR
Donald J. Trump promises his supporters that he will pay for any legal fees if they "knock the crap" out of protesters.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1PiQy0C
Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, but Senate Republicans are refusing to vote on any candidate the president puts forth in an election year.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1LxbTIY
Adam Lowitt weighs in on the anti-Semitic rhetoric at Donald Trump rallies, including a woman photographed doing a Nazi salute.
Where does Donald J. Trump get his "facts" from? http://on.cc.com/1Lxc1bm
People protesting against Donald J. Trump are only fueling the presidential hopeful's fire. http://on.cc.com/1PiQj5x
"I think there are two Donald Trumps." -- Donald Trump "I don't think there's two Donald Trumps. I think there's one Donald Trump." -- Donald Trump   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1PiQhuG
Round two voting for Third Month Mania is now open. What's making Americans the maddest? http://www.thirdmonthmania.com
Jordan Klepper reasons with Senator Mitch McConnell after he refuses to meet with a SCOTUS nominee.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Lxc2fr
"Indentured" author Joe Nocera examines ways for mistreated college athletes to fight back against the NCAA.
After a series of violent protests erupt at Donald J. Trump rallies across the U.S., the presidential hopeful both condones and repudiates the hostile events.
What kind of terrorists are making Americans the maddest? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Roy Wood, Jr.  and Hasan Minhaj  take a Third Month Mania Deep Dive into the Everyday Sh*t region of the tournament. What issues are making Americans the maddest?  ►You decide: http://on.cc.com/1Mryq4T
What is making Americans the maddest, global warming or super-gonorrhea? www.thirdmonthmania.com
Are there two Donald Trumps? http://on.cc.com/1PiQy0s
What is making Americans the maddest, public bathrooms or impossible packaging? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
The GOP is using "The Biden Rule" to block the SCOTUS nomination, but they've never taken Joe Biden seriously before. http://on.cc.com/1RpMweq
Senate Republicans are refusing to vote on any candidate President Barack Obama nominates to the Supreme Court. http://on.cc.com/1Ms8BRZ
Roy Wood, Jr.  and Hasan Minhaj  take a Third Month Mania Deep Dive into the Tech region of the tournament.  ►What is making Americans the maddest? http://on.cc.com/1MrxSMh
Hasan Minhaj and Roy Wood, Jr. debate the Third Month Mania matchup of vegans versus the NRA. http://on.cc.com/1Ms2VYm  ►Vote here: http://on.cc.com/1Ms2UDH
Trevor, Hasan Minhaj  and Roy Wood, Jr. kick off Third Month Mania, the tournament to decide what Americans are maddest about.  ►Cast your vote: http://www.thirdmonthmania.com
Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, but Senate Republicans are refusing to vote on any candidate the president puts forth in an election year.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1RoTSik
President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court, Hasan Minhaj and Roy Wood, Jr. debate Third Month Mania matchups, and Theo James discusses "Allegiant."
What is making Americans the maddest, Donald J. Trump or his supporters? Vote on this and more at www.thirdmonthmania.com
Trevor on Marco Rubio's home state loss to Donald J. Trump. http://on.cc.com/1UEdRbQ
Donald J. Trump is branding voter frustration like he invented it. http://on.cc.com/1Rpqdzl
After Donald J. Trump sweeps another round of primaries, the presidential hopeful hints that a riot may occur if he doesn't receive the GOP nomination.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1RoSaau
Adam Lowitt tries to make sense of a Donald Trump supporter who shouted about Auschwitz.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1RoXwm9
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explains why he'll march in the St. Patrick's Day Parade for the first time since taking office. http://on.cc.com/1UD8LMY
Roy Wood, Jr. and Hasan Minhaj dive into the Issues region of Third Month Mania. What is making Americans the maddest?  ►Cast your vote: http://on.cc.com/1RoIeO2
Merrick Garland is named as President Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominee.  ►Last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1UCM23I
Donald J. Trump warns of riots if he doesn't win the GOP bid, Adam Lowitt examines ant-Semitism at political events, and Brian Fallon performs songs from his album "Painkillers."
Hillary Clinton gives Fox News a reason to rehash the Benghazi scandal.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1PckVpg
Where does Donald J. Trump get his "facts" from? http://on.cc.com/1UgHz7M
Donald J. Trump promises his supporters that he will pay for any legal fees if they "knock the crap" out of protesters.
Hillary Clinton claimed Bernie Sanders was absent from health care reform in 1993.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1UgzIHu
Donald J. Trump claims that a man who rushed the stage at one of his rallies is connected to ISIS.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1UghTIp
How many ways can Hillary Clinton offend her own Democratic base?  ►Last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1UfWbV5
Round one voting for Third Month Mania is open now! What issues make Americans the maddest?  ►You decide: http://on.cc.com/1PbPs6E
Hillary Clinton summons Benghazi, The Best F#@king News Team provides legal services for Donald J. Trump rally attendees, and Joe Nocera discusses "Indentured."
Are there two Donald Trumps? It depends which one you ask. http://on.cc.com/1LoZtmd
CNN contributor Van Jones explains how Americans can take down Donald J. Trump.
People protesting against Donald J. Trump are only fueling the presidential hopeful's fire. http://on.cc.com/1Lp5kbr
Dr. Ben Carson believes there are two Donald Trumps.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1Xtg8pJ
What's making Americans the maddest? Go to thirdmonthmania.com and set your bracket now!  ►Learn more: http://on.cc.com/1XsPHjV
After a series of violent protests erupt at Donald J. Trump rallies across the country, the presidential hopeful both condones and repudiates the hostile events.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1Losyyc
Bernie Sanders supporters crash a series of Donald J. Trump rallies, Neal Brennan   weighs in on Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West, and Van Jones discusses The Dream Corps.
What is making Americans the maddest? Make your predictions for Third Month Mania before voting begins March 16.  ►Set your bracket: http://on.cc.com/1pkyQVf
Osama bin Laden asked those applying to join al-Qaeda to list their hobbies, skills, and an emergency martyr contact.
This week on The Daily Show: Van Jones, Joe Nocera, Brian Fallon, and Theo James!  ►Get free tickets: dailyshow.com/tickets
Celebrities including Beyoncé, Cher, Mark Wahlberg and Diddy have made significant donations to the water crisis in Flint, MI.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1RFZ8bw
Sacha Baron Cohen talks "The Brothers Grimsby" and his filmmaking process.  ►Full interview: http://on.cc.com/1U8ohBw
"It's the largest winery on the East Coast. I own it 100 percent." - Donald J. Trump   http://on.cc.com/1RFYZ86
Donald J. Trump used the latest GOP debate to defend the size of his penis.  http://on.cc.com/1QBFmA5
Donald J. Trump's argument for a rich president.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1U8ohlb
Early in the presidential campaigns, the GOP asked its candidates to sign a pledge vowing to back whoever won the party's nomination.
Ellen Page, co-host of "Gaycation," explains why she wanted to explore LGBT communities around the world.
Donald J. Trump's past business ventures aren't exactly what he says they are.  ►Jordan Klepper reports: http://on.cc.com/1U8oc0G
The GOP establishment is trying to reclaim the party from Donald J. Trump, even if he's what the voters want.
Ronny Chieng investigates the Tri-Faith Initiative in Omaha, NE, which aims to create a peaceful religious space for Christian, Islamic and Jewish worshippers.
Padma Lakshmi explains why she wrote "Love, Loss, and What We Ate" from a feminist perspective.
Trevor dives deeper into Donald J. Trump's campaign and past. http://on.cc.com/1Lh4gGs
As the presidential election draws near, Google searches for "move to Canada" have hit an all-time high.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1QJPWFw
Trevor reminds us what Donald J. Trump actually thinks about his blue-collar supporters.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1QJPWVU
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau visits the U.S., Ronny Chieng examines the Tri-Faith Initiative in Nebraska, and Padma Lakshmi discusses "Love, Loss, and What We Ate."
Padma Lakshmi is here tonight and gets to take a break from judging amazing food.
Jordan Klepper fact-checks Donald J. Trump's many business venture claims.  ►The truth: http://on.cc.com/1nB384O
Bernie Sanders wins the Michigan Democratic primary.  ►Trevor reports: http://on.cc.com/1nB3k4b
Donald J. Trump uses a primary victory speech to promote his failed business ventures.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1nAT3VD
Jordan Klepper fact-checks Donald J. Trump's many business venture claims.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1R9Px2q
Residents of Flint, MI aren't the only Americans who have a contaminated water supply.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1nAihDC
Bernie Sanders pulls a surprise win in the Michigan primary.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1YBGqaj
Lewis Black responds to Fox News's insinuation that President Barack Obama and Osama bin Laden were friendly because of their shared belief in global warming.
Jordan Klepper teaches kids that white people can be president, too.  ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1U43xL9
Lewis Black responds to Fox News's insinuation that President Barack Obama and Osama bin Laden were friendly because of their shared belief in global warming.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1U46Emh
President Barack Obama wrote the forward to an upcoming volume of "Peanuts."
Osama Bin Laden had an application for people who wanted to join Al Qaeda with instructions to write legibly.  ►Lewis Black reports: http://on.cc.com/1Tt5WiJ
Lewis Black examines Osama bin Laden's last will and testament.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1nwwVvH
Broad City creators Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson discuss the transformation of the show.  ►Full Interview: http://on.cc.com/1QBnN3l
The GOP establishment is aiming for a contested convention to deny Donald J. Trump the nomination. http://on.cc.com/1QBme5o
Roy Wood, Jr. and Jessica Williams memoralize Dr. Ben Carson's tumultuous presidential campaign.   ►Full video: http://on.cc.com/1QBhyfR
As Donald J. Trump inches closer to the White House, establishment Republicans try to block him from winning the GOP presidential nomination.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1UQp4qa
Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning announces his retirement.  ►Full Episode: http://on.cc.com/1QAKox1
The GOP scrambles for a way to stop Donald J. Trump from winning the Republican nomination.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1R5bgZd
Broad City's Abbi Jacobson and Ilana Glazer are here tonight. They're huge fans.
Donald J. Trump comes under fire for unknowingly tweeting a Benito Mussolini quote, and he may have more in common with the fascism founder than he realizes.
Jordan Klepper learns about how a former gun control researcher and a retired congressman backed by the NRA have come together to further the study of firearms.
Hasan Minhaj imagines Marco Rubio's strategy for the remaining Republican primaries.
This week on The Daily Show: Broad City's Ilana Glazer & Abbi Jacobson, Ellen Page, Sacha Baron Cohen and Padma Lakshmi!  ►Get free tickets: dailyshow.com/tickets
Just like climate change, the GOP refuses to acknowledge Donald J. Trump's success in the primaries. http://on.cc.com/1RLCcu6
Trevor explains the political origins of the KKK with shit and pizza.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1TYqK1n
The Best F#@king News Team takes on Trevor Noah's emotions (a la the animated film Inside Out) to help him come to terms with Donald J. Trump's sweeping victory on Super Tuesday.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explains why he'll march in the St. Patrick's Day Parade for the first time since taking office.   ►Extended Interview: http://on.cc.com/1L7MDIU
"Cravings" author Chrissy Teigen chats about social media, her pregnancy and writing a cookbook.
A proposed bill in Iowa aims to give kids under 14 years old the right to shoot handguns.
Model Cheryl Tiegs attributes her medical advice for plus size models to Dr. Mehmet Oz.  ►Kristen Schaal examines changing beauty standards for women: http://on.cc.com/21DZ9as
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio talks about the upcoming presidential election, mitigating race bias in the New York Police Department, and the reason he's never participated in the St. Patrick's Day Parade.  ►Extended Interview: http://on.cc.com/1L7MDsG
From the man who brought you his own brand of steaks comes a whole new offering.
Jordan Klepper explores gun violence prevention and CDC research.  ►Get the full story: http://on.cc.com/1LFEMT2
CNN contributor Jeffrey Lord on the political origins of the KKK: "[The Klan was] the military arm, the terrorist arm of the Democratic party, according to historians. For God's sakes, read your history!" http://on.cc.com/1VWxtXp
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio weighs in on the public's frustration with government.  ►Watch the extended interview: http://on.cc.com/1VW6MCk
After former KKK leader Dr. David Duke endorsed Donald J. Trump, CNN contributors argue about the political origins of the white supremacy group.   ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/1VVEUy9
These are the most important 60 seconds of Mitt Romney's Trump smackdown.
New York's tallest skyscraper, Mayor Bill de Blasio, stops by the show tonight.
Dr. Ben Carson sort of announced that he's not running for president anymore. http://on.cc.com/24ErUmr
Governor Chris Christie endorses Donald J. Trump, but his face says otherwise. http://on.cc.com/24E3ucH
To the GOP, Donald J. Trump is a lot like climate change.
Hillary Clinton is feeling the Bern.  ►Full episode: http://on.cc.com/24Dz1eS
Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan praises Donald J. Trump. These are real events that are really happening. http://on.cc.com/1oQrjgI
Neal Brennan Comedy discusses presidential candidates Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton and explains the different kinds of storytelling he presents in his live one-man show "3 Mics.  ►Watch the extended interview: http://on.cc.com/21Eb2xb
Kristen Schaal explores healthy body images for women, including a plus-size model on the cover of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit. http://on.cc.com/21Eb8oz
A proposed bill in Iowa aims to give kids under 14 years old the right to shoot handguns.
Model Cheryl Tiegs claims that a woman's waist should be smaller than 35 inches.   ►Kristen Schaal examines changing beauty standards for women: http://on.cc.com/21DZ9as
Donald J. Trump's proposed travel ban on Muslims didn't prevent Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan from endorsing him.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/21DmeKu
Lawmakers in Iowa have proposed a bill that would allow children under the age of 14 to shoot handguns.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1oPccUK
Donald J. Trump  comes under fire for unknowingly tweeting a Benito Mussolini quote, and he may have more in common with the fascism founder than he realizes.
There's just one question on Governor Chris Christie's mind. #SuperTuesday
Political evolution has forced Senator Marco Rubio to change his stance on making personal attacks against Donald J. Trump.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1TP9HPf
Last night on @midnight Late Night Showdown, Jordan Klepper accepted an epic challenge: try to explain a Kardashian's newsworthiness. http://on.cc.com/1L3iTNz
Happy Birthday Justin Bieber! Can't believe you're 22 now! Seems like just yesterday you were a 27-year-old lesbian.
What are the presidential candidates listening to today? We found their #SuperTuesday hype playlists.
Trevor forecasts Bernie Sanders's success on #SuperTuesday.
Donald J. Trump, we know you know who Dr. David Duke is.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1WTwTd9
After vowing to take the high road during his presidential campaign, Marco Rubio changes his stance on making personal attacks against Donald J. Trump.   ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1QpVR3n
Our very own Jordan Klepper faces off against The Nightly Show's Mike Yard and Ron Funches tonight at 12/11c on the @midnight #LateNightShowdown!
Former NSA and CIA Director Michael Hayden talks about his book "Playing to the Edge," which examines the moral dilemmas he encountered while fighting terrorism.
Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper dance to the sweet, sweet sounds of President Bill Clinton's 1992 Arsenio Hall saxophone solo. http://on.cc.com/21xaJnO
Melania Trump  makes a rare speech after her husband Donald J. Trump's victory in the South Carolina primary.
This week on The Daily Show: Morris Chestnut, Neal Brennan Comedy, Chrissy Teigen and Mayor Bill de Blasio.  ►Get free tickets: dailyshow.com/tickets
Dr. Ben Carson argues that President Barack Obama never lived the black experience because he grew up in a wealthy family.
Entrepreneur Brian Chesky weighs in on what sets Airbnb apart in the hospitality industry.
Frustrated with the Oscar nominations' lack of diversity, Roy Wood Jr. shares his suggestions for what African Americans can do to get more recognition in Hollywood.
Sylvester Stallone received the lone Oscar nomination for the film Creed. Roy Wood, Jr. shows Trevor how the film could have appealed to academy voters better. #OscarsSoWhite
Jessica Williams  is surprised to find out what might happen to a struggling homophobic church in Harlem, NY.
"History teaches us that nobody has ever won the nomination without winning one of the first three primaries, and there are only two people who have won one of the first three primaries: Donald J. Trump and us." - Ted Cruz
A homophobic pastor may lose his church to a homeless LGBT shelter, and he's not taking it well.  ►Watch here: http://on.cc.com/21uGgTP
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia left behind a mixed legacy. http://on.cc.com/1QgFF4F
Tonight! No Daily Show, but "Trevor Noah: African American" premieres at 10/9c on Comedy Central.
Jordan Klepper recalls the popular children's activity "Congress: The Home Game," where players can change the rules to work in their favor.
You can tell a lot about a nation by the types of robots it develops.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/21uG731
Not even government torture can get Siri to give up information from an iPhone.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1QiPqz7
Trevor Noah calls for a more measured reaction to terrorist attacks. http://on.cc.com/1QiLKxq
Apple is arguing that allowing the FBI access to one phone could set a precedent for more.
Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook refuses to unlock the iPhone of the San Bernardino gunman for the FBI.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1KQxfAw
Weighing Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders' pasts, Roy Wood, Jr. and Jordan Klepper decide which Democratic presidential candidate is more deserving of the black vote.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1VILS9w
Former CIA & NSA director Michael Hayden joins us tonight and NO we're not worried about him spying on us.
The Best F#@king News Team, a panel of journalists and politicians weigh in on the current state of debates.
While talking about his violent past, Dr. Ben Carson claims that he once chased his mother with a hammer.
Dr. Ben Carson accuses President Barack Obama of never truly living the black experience.  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1QgyyJj
GOP front-runner Donald J. Trump calls Ted Cruz a "soft, weak little baby."  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/21uckHt
Dr. Ben Carson accuses President Barack Obama of never living the black experience.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/21tPNdU
Anthony Mackie talks about playing superhero Falcon in the Captain America franchise and discusses his role as a police officer in the film Triple 9.
Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky stops by tonight.
Ted Cruz on why President Barack Obama shouldn't be allowed to pick the next Supreme Court justice: "During a lame-duck period we should not be confirming a Supreme Court nomination."  ►Watch now: http://on.cc.com/1mYo0Tm
A homophobic pastor in Harlem known for his controversial views on Starbucks and "sodomites" may lose his church to the LGBT community.  ►Jessica Williams investigates: http://on.cc.com/1KL7emr
Ted Cruz argues that President Barack Obama shouldn't be able to pick the next Supreme Court justice.
After the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Senate Republicans announce that they will veto any nominee that President Barack Obama puts forward.  ►Watch last night's full episode: http://on.cc.com/1KK71zH
What will be done to calm the markets? Will he remain as prime minister? Will he invoke article 50 of the Lisbon treaty immediately? Will parliament be recalled? Who will be in charge of the withdrawal negotiations? Will there be an emergency budget? Will there be an election? Does Cameron accept that the Scots have the right to have a second independence referendum?
How the hell did it happen?
"Politics as practised for a generation is upended; traditional party allegiances are shredded; the prime minister's authority is bust – and that is just the parochial domestic fallout. A whole continent looks on in trepidation. It was meant to be unthinkable, now the thought has become action. Europe cannot be the same again."
If you're just waking up, the UK has voted to leave the EU. Follow our essential live blog.
Financial markets around the globe are plunging after the British people rocked Europe by voting to leave the European Union. The pound has already plunged to a 30-year low. And London's stock market is expected to tumble very, very sharply at 8am when trading begins. We'll be tracking all the financial action, on what could be one of the most dramatic days in the City in decades.
With #Leave currently more than 1 million votes ahead, and the UK on course to leave the European Union, watch the official referendum result here
The UK's historic decision to end its 43-year love-hate relationship with the European Union represents a bloodless turning point in British history to rank alongside the two world wars of the 20th century. So what now?
The decision in favour of Brexit, following a bitterly close electoral race, represents the biggest shock to the political establishment in Britain and across Europe for decades, and will threaten the leaderships of both the prime minister, David Cameron, and the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn.
The leave campaign insists EU nationals already in Britain would be able to stay – but immigration lawyers say it's not so simple...
The pound's fall, which stunned investors, was its biggest ever one-day fall, and ranked with the reaction to the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 and Britain's exit in 1992 from the European exchange rate mechanism on Black Wednesday.
From our archive, our writers drew on the best available expertise to assess what Brexit might mean for growth, jobs, trade, immigration and Britain's position in the world.
"Talk about Freaky Friday: Lindsey Lohan has woken up a passionate supporter for Remain."
'There's no such thing as a Brusselo!'
"While there are good reasons for British voters to either support or oppose the proposed withdrawal of the UK from the European Union, there is little argument at all from an American perspective that Brexit would hurt the US."
"In a chamber governed under strict rules and decorum, it was a moment that defied all precedent."
"The demographic differences are stark, but the attitudinal differences are greater still."
Donald J. Trump will be greeted with far-from-traditional Scottish hospitality, with no senior British or Scottish politicians prepared to meet him and protesters preparing noisy and colourful demonstrations. http://gu.com/p/4mj6g/fb
Simple, clear updates as counting continues in Britain's vote on whether to leave or remain in the European Union
"It leaves you thinking about our status as a democracy."
One of the world's biggest sports star will not appear at this summer's Olympics.
A group of Muslim women who claim in a lawsuit they were kicked out of a California restaurant for wearing headscarfs have been accused of "civilizational jihad" by a lawyer for the restaurant, which has launched a countersuit.
Some voters in Britain's EU referendum were convinced the use of pencils at polling stations was a ploy to secretly alter their ballots.
Whichever way it's gone – at least it's over!
"In the same way that an unusually low tide occasionally reveals an ancient henge, the referendum campaign has exposed a chasm in British politics. Now the politicians who did so much to exacerbate the divide have to heal it. They have to find the language and the policies to rebuild the sense of solidarity that the past weeks have done so much to fracture."
Referendums in the UK aren't, strictly speaking, legally binding.
The polls have closed in Britain's referendum on EU membership, with a survey suggesting a bitterly close fight and Ukip leader Nigel Farage saying it "looks like Remain will edge it".
See the EU referendum results region by region as they come in.
Follow every result as it arrives in our essential EU referendum live blog.
Colombia has today reached a historic ceasefire with the Farc after more than 50 years of conflict – why did it take half a century to resolve?
"This situation of captivity is degrading for the animals."
A survey has shown that, in the event of a crash, people think that self-driving cars should be programmed to crash themselves to avoid pedestrians – unless it's them that's in the car of course.
The Colombian government and Farc guerrillas have declared the final day of one of the world's longest wars.
If you want to learn about Britain's future in Europe as it is announced, when should you nap and when should you tune in?
Britain: land of hope and gloriously odd polling stations.
Arnold Schwarzenegger: "Less meat, less heat, more life."
"He has just ruined it for us here. He has hemmed us in. Mr Trump likes his walls."
"Part and parcel of surviving cancer is knowing, and loving, far too many people who won't be as lucky."
"Meet Magnus Nilsson. He is considered one of the greatest chefs in the world. One of his signature dishes is a single scallop poached in its own juices, which arrives at your table in its gigantic shell atop a bed of moss and burning juniper branches."
Many women living in Latin America find it hard to protect themselves against the virus spread by mosquitoes and do not have the option of termination in the event of an unwanted pregnancy.
Barack Obama's immigration program to protect some families from deportation relief remains blocked by a court order, after the supreme court deadlocked in a 4-4 tie, a decision crucial to the president's legacy.
The Sun's article made no mention of the fact that Shannen Doherty had breast cancer, which the star had revealed last August. She has since spoken publicly about coping with the illness.
"Women. Can't they just button it? Women, eh? Women! Whaddya gonna do? is the general message of these adverts."
When storing digital photos, aim to have at least three copies of everything, preferably more.
"The problem here, for the most part, isn't faulty guns or insufficient training. It's dangerous people using guns effectively."

"Technology has made us able to do more while understanding less about what we are doing, and has increased our dependence on others."
"Shake it very well until it's ice-cold, then add a large chunk of onion" – is this how James Bond orders his martini in the books?
"Britons, vote in our name."
A new service called spoiled.io has just been launched. For a fee, it will text anonymous Game of Thrones spoilers to your arch nemesis the moment it finishes airing in America.
Who's top? It's not Spain, Germany, France, Italy (or England)...
"Europe cannot stand alone without you."
The latest news and updates on the EU referendum as Britain goes to the polls.
"You name it and I am it. One of the dreaded 10%, the undecided who will decide this thing. How galling that something monumental should be left in the hands of people who did not make up their minds months ago, who are confused by this utterly false binary we are being asked to vote on: between two different, but actually very similar elites."
"There is a childish delight to be had in going for the dunk, be it digestives in tea, bread in dripping or biscotti in vin santo."
"What is it that has made a third of minority voters – many of them the descendants of immigrants themselves – lean towards leaving?"
"While the internet may be allowing itself a brief, maidenly flush of excitement at the pictures, nobody is groaning, 'Oh, put it away, To-Hid' or sniping, 'What an air head, how is this news?'"
"Aaron Ramsey hears talk that he's set to become the new Frank Lampard."
"We found it incredible that a law firm could be bragging about the fact that they had taken away provision from a child."
"The Atlantic is the symbolic part of the flight because all the means of transportation have always tried to cross the Atlantic, the first steamboats, the first aeroplane, the first balloons, the first airships and, today, it is the first solar-powered aeroplane."
"ABC's version of The Thick of It was an omnishambles, with no swearing because it was a network show."
Could looking at your smartphone while lying in bed at night wreak havoc on your vision?
"Not only does the UK have no effective legal bar to money laundering, but here – as in other European countries – there is no crime of mafia association. And this makes matters worse."
South Korea's 'space out' competition is in its third year. It promotes a life free from stress and information overload. Contestants spend 90 minutes doing absolutely nothing – under the slogan of Relax Your Brain – a possible antidote to the country's ever increasing screen-hunger
"'If you haven't been to a phone-free show, you just don't know what you're missing."
"Even if the remain side wins, it will not say anything much about the essential condition of the country, aside from underlining how divided we are. So please: in that event, no crowing about a resounding triumph, or delusional thinking about a country miraculously restored by the weekend to a state of political harmony. We are in a terrible mess, and it is probably going to take decades to even begin to put things right."
Heard the one about the EU banning bagpipes? Bendy cucumbers? Children blowing up balloons? Or the one about it renaming yoghurt 'fermented milk pudding'?
Steve Jobs is said to have once ate so many carrots that his skin turned orange. Here's how you can emulate him and other tech greats.
These 46 projects to win a national award, which range from a grass-roofed children's hospital in Liverpool to a sinuous metallic library in Oxford, will be whittled down to a six-strong shortlist for the Royal Institute of British Architects' Stirling prize later in the year.
A quarter of the children surveyed had paid for fast food to be delivered to the school gates.
"If British voters decide to leave, the odds of an EU collapsing amid anti-immigrant acrimony will increase."
"As I begin my last few months as chief inspector, it saddens me immeasurably to say frankly that we are still letting down our poorest children."
As Britain's voters go to the polls to make one of the biggest political decisions in the country's recent history, Tom Clark runs through all you need to know on the hours ahead.
Pakistani singer Amjad Sabri has been killed in a gun attack in Karachi.
Stargazing Tips
Here are the pros and cons of affirmative action:
Via ClickHole:
"A month ago, I was so much quicker at letting everyone know if I saw a train, a car, a rock—you name it."
Via The A.V. Club:
The coworkers expended near-superhuman amounts of psychological energy to recall any common interest or shared workplace experience.
A female jaguar that was part of an Olympic torch relay ceremony in Rio de Janeiro was shot dead after pulling free from her handlers and attacking a soldier, behavior likely induced by the stress of the chaotic environment.
From The Archives:
Here are the leading arguments for and against the U.K. leaving the E.U.:
Via ClickHole:
Kyle Wolfe, 6, will not experience a greater sense of security, comfort, or self-assuredness during the next seven decades.
A 150 percent increase in teen pregnancy rates over the past decade has led more high schools to eliminate "Fuck Your Brains Out," a national sexual education program that encourages adolescents to have sex frequently. The program has historically included PSAs like the one below.  Full story: http://onion.com/28QaQCe
Donald J. Trump: "Eric has been a very good son and done some great work on this campaign, but the fact is that we need to make some adjustments."
It was recently found that retailers charge 3.9 times as much for white dresses designated as "bridal" gowns, a markup that designers defend as a matter of fabric and quality but that others decry as dishonest marketing.
"If the song means something else to you, that's still cool, but there were lots of people who wanted to know what we were driving at."
Experts with knowledge of the two sides' historically strained relations were pessimistic about the truce's staying power.

"As soon as I get home from work, all I want to do is take a load off and relax for a little while."
Via ClickHole
Visual accounts suggest that the other people in the room seem to be in agreement about what's being discussed.
According to accounts, Rebecca McBride took the easy way out by asking doctors to administer a pain reliever minutes before going into active labor with her son.
Via ClickHole:
"Got one!"
A proposal approved by New York lawmakers this week will require schools, homeless shelters, and jails to provide free tampons and sanitary pads to women in order to alleviate the financial strain of menstruation.
Via Onion Sports:
Unique Summer Vacation Ideas
Via The A.V. Club:
The event included a $50-a-head clash with protesters in the parking lot outside the Prudential Center, where complimentary rocks and glass bottles to throw would be provided.
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
Here is a guide to presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump's potential running mates in the 2016 presidential election:
Dustin Greer, 26, says it's stressful but also exhilarating that the entire NASA organization counts on each member to perform at an extremely high level in order to achieve its objectives.
"At the end of the day, all I really want is what's best for the sleepover."
Tech giant Apple is lobbying to kill a bill called the Fair Repair Act that would require smartphone manufacturers to publicly post repair instructions and make replacement parts available for users to purchase, an environmentally friendly change that would reduce the number of disposed phones.
"If I can just drag my ass into that office and grind it out until 5 p.m., I'll be good."
"Man, she's really letting those kids have it, isn't she?"
"The tragic irony of this phenomenon is that a significant number of people will actually use the sheet to hang themselves."
Via ClickHole
Via The A.V. Club
"There's no way I'm gonna keep both of them bottled up."
"Figured, hey, might as well jump in feet-first with 'shit' and see what happens."
"After a couple years living together, it was just like, 'Who cares?'"
Federal databases showed that doctors treated to meals by pharmaceutical reps were more likely to prescribe name-brand medications, a concerning implication for patients who save significantly on generic prescriptions.
"There's absolutely nothing we can do to stop these killings from happening over and over except for all the first things you'd think of."
"It's truly a miracle that all of us got through this okay."
"It's hard to believe that such blatant puppets of the American public could even get elected."
Via ClickHole:
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Politics:
Unlike cats, snakes lack legs to grab hold of and shake like little drumsticks.
"This is an absolute classic—a real man's movie."
In the midst of a national park deficit of $12 billion, President Obama is touring Yosemite and Carlsbad Caverns to discuss the benefits of protecting these areas from deterioration and climate change, as well as making them more accessible to lower-income families.
Nothing noteworthy will occur in your life this week, as you have not paid your cable bill in months.
Workers should arrive at their job, check and send e-mails for two to three hours, and be asleep by 11:30 a.m. at the latest.
"I'm sorry, but I don't see what's so lame about being a smart shopper."

Tips For A Smooth Commute
Step-By-Step: How To Dress A Wound
"Man, he's cutting it pretty close there."
"Frankly, I was kind of sad when the call came to an end."
Via ClickHole:
"I wonder if those people over there are in line or if they're just waiting for their food. Hmm."
Thirteen years after the release of Finding Nemo, the sequel, Finding Dory, earned $136 million in its opening weekend, breaking the box-office record for animated films previously held by 2007's Shrek The Third.
Via The A.V. Club:
"As soon as I stepped through the doorway, it just crumbled to nothing."
Editorial Cartoon:
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Sports:

"Dasvidaniya, comrades."
In a first for the Royal Family, Prince William is featured on the cover of a gay publication, Attitude, in which he discusses the dangerous repercussions of homophobia and condemns the resultant bullying of gay teens.

"He cuts the bullshit and gets right on task."
"For now, I'm just going to nod a lot to suggest agreement."

"If I hear about something fun going on, I'll definitely text you."
"Believe me, I still can't stand Cleveland teams or their fans." – God
Andrew Howland, 27, is said to obtain all his news about domestic politics, international conflicts, and the global economy from a journalism outlet that features a section titled "Puppet Masters."
Via ClickHole:
TIP: Spare the bride and groom the logistical headache of tracking all those RSVP cards by simply showing up.
Via ClickHole
David Cutler reportedly accessorized the futon with strategically arranged pillows that pleasingly offset its natural tones.
Extensive lab tests have proven the drink's lethality to nearly all of the stomach's bacterial phyla.
"It's easy to lament the wretched state of our country's crumbling roads, but let us not forget that it also allows us to appreciate the cycle of life as nature takes its course."
"While it's important that citizens not panic, we want to make it clear to the public just how disgusting these things are."
Possible measures could include installing a 24-hour hotline for anyone with information on what the victim was wearing that night.
"We highly recommend that Americans alter their plans accordingly to avoid the lousy five-hour excursion to visit a bunch of dumb windmills."
Via ClickHole
The 36-year-old financial analyst strung together a series of half-smiles, raised eyebrows, and thoughtful looks that he believed were suitable.
Tips For Keeping An Open Mind
This Week's Top Story:
"Our weak, cardiovascularly overburdened birds have never possessed the ability to stand up on their own, let alone move around an open field."
"I'll just do a short stack of pancakes as a side, in that case, so I can still finish off the meal with something sweet."
"If anything, it's too cold."
Ways To Ensure A Peaceful Sleep For Your Baby
"[Balding] men experience intensifying waves of all-consuming pain equivalent to having their insides ripped out."
Here are The Onion's tips for getting out of debt quickly and painlessly:
With Lin-Manuel Miranda ending his run as the title character in the hit Broadway show Hamilton this July, it was announced that the role will be filled by Javier Muñoz, a veteran actor who initially developed Hamilton's stage character alongside Miranda.
Via ClickHole:
"Ah, shit, we don't have a plaque for it. Whatever, that's fine, as long as we have it out."
Tips For Cooking With Meat
Via Onion Sports:
Via The A.V. Club:
"It's gonna be a bitchin' summer." – Joe Biden
Horrible Couple Really Wants Wedding To Reflect Their Personalities
"Now that he's gone, he looks so peaceful."
Via ClickHole:
The Bramble Cay melomys, a rodent native to a single tiny Australian landmass near Papua New Guinea, is the first mammal species proven to have gone extinct from rising sea levels caused by global climate change.
"Can I just get it plain, without sauce?"
"He's going balls to the wall over there."

"Once he buys these pants and puts them on there's no going back."
Ted Sheehan, 37, says that calling his daughter a fat ass could prompt her to write a fantastic one-act play.
Via ClickHole:
Senator Chris Murphy filibustered for over 14 hours yesterday to condemn the Senate's inaction on gun control, eventually securing a promise that the Senate will vote on measures to expand background checks.
Via The A.V. Club:
"It's important to make sure you're getting the real story."
The Onion provides a list of basic rules of etiquette for being a polite, congenial wedding guest:
"I'm not even sure how we've pushed ourselves this far."

Via ClickHole:
The Onion Reviews 'Finding Dory'
A majority of Americans regularly experience a deep and persistent worry that their server will continue attending to other patrons, but never make her way back to them.
"All it takes is one sip and you'll start feeling the rush of your gut flora being systematically exterminated."
Robert Plant and Jimmy Page, members of the rock band Led Zeppelin, appeared at trial this week over allegations they stole the chord progression for "Stairway To Heaven" from "Taurus," a song by Zeppelin's 1960s tourmates Spirit, though Page and Plant maintain they wrote their iconic song in a remote cottage in Wales and were not influenced by "Taurus."
"I can just hear it in his voice whenever we talk that he only has a few more months left in him before he falls back on his marketing degree."
"He kept telling me to rotate my hips more when I swing and then explained how so much of hitting is in your legs."


The four-year, $30 million study was aimed at showing women what they just can't seem to see for themselves.
Via ClickHole: This Spot-On Video Absolutely Nails The Republican Debates
via The A.V. Club
Tips For Spicing Up Your Relationship
"Short of physically locking his jaw shut, I don't know what else can be done."
Via The A.V. Club:
"Please, you've had your fill. Just let me go quietly into the night." – Harrison Ford
Via StarWipe:
In a reversal of its previous determination that drinking coffee can cause cancer, the World Health Organization has announced they've actually found no evidence that coffee contains carcinogens.
Via ClickHole:
"So, your mom's kind of got a lot of strong opinions."
"It reminds us that time—not man—is truly in control."
Officials believe that as many as 5 million Americans may have come into contact with public pools in recent weeks, including millions of young children.
Via ClickHole
"Backpedaling is among the most common actions that Americans perform on a daily basis."
Here are some ways universities can protect students from assault:
"U.S. citizens should be aware that by taking the tour, they put themselves at significant risk of being bored as hell."
To hit their target of reaching Mars by 2030, NASA has signed an agreement to collaborate with the United Arab Emirates Space Agency to make Mars exploration a priority, with the two nations pledging to share research, technology, and possibly even spacecraft.
"Whatever pitfalls we encounter—be they lottery-based admissions policies or steep home prices—we will not rest until our children are enrolled."
"There is nothing more gratifying than making the experience of simply sitting during one's flight an excruciating ordeal."

Via ClickHole:
Measures of workplace satisfaction were markedly higher at companies that put workers, and not management, in control of their own base income, bonuses, and benefits.
Here are some ways that American corporations plan to go green:
Tips For Choosing The Right Pet
Via StarWipe:
Jeff Koegle's aimless blunderings occasionally trigger major developments in his life, which isn't saying much, because if it weren't for sheer happenstance, he would have no experiences at all.
Via The A.V. Club:
"I feel bad having to clean up after it and keep it dry, but I'm not sure if there's anything else I can do at this point."
Via Onion Labs:
Donald Trump has announced the Washington Post will no longer receive any press credentials to report on his presidential campaign, decrying their "incredibly inaccurate coverage."
Via ClickHole:
"This country has always managed to find a way to put me first." – An AR-15
U.N.: "A nuclear-capable Trump is now a very real and very imminent possibility."
The key to cooking steak is aeration, hence the need to stab it with a thermometer early and often.
Via Onion Sports:
Tyson Foods: "Any attempt by our chickens to wander around any expanse of space would actually cause them excruciating pain."
Just when things seem to be going your way, you'll be forced to get out of bed this week.
Magician David Copperfield is lobbying Congress to pass a resolution recognizing magic as "a rare and valuable art form," a distinction that would allow for grant funding and intellectual property protections.
"If they don't have corned beef hash, then I'll switch up the entrée from the pancakes to the sausage scrambler."
"She's friending people left and right and just liking the shit out of everything she sees."

Tips For Drinking Wine
Explaining that he doesn't think "there's ever been someone so qualified to hold this office," Barack Obama announced last week that he is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president.

"This is who we are as Americans." – Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
"When I saw what happened in Orlando, I wanted to make sure that I was able to properly defend myself." – Wayne LaPierre, NRA executive vice president
"Does it always have to be a mass murder that delivers the sudden realization that life is a fleeting, priceless gift?"
Editorial Cartoon:
"To watch her make important decisions about this country's future that would be relentlessly criticized as being the product of hysterical menopausal rages, would be nothing short of amazing."
"No trip to Dubai will be complete without a stroll through our carefully recreated 1:1 scale version of Dubai."
Via ClickHole
"Those who catch sight of themselves in the mirror should immediately discontinue eye contact with their reflection and avoid any impulses to take stock of their life."
Once Clinton has completed her transformation into her mature, final-stage form, she will wriggle free from her cocoon and return to the campaign trail.
Via ClickHole
The FDA plans to include larger, bolder calorie counts that are easier to read beneath globs of ketchup.
"None of them dares resist my beguiling spell, for I am their wicked puppeteer."

Rob Benson's time and efforts are almost exclusively directed toward cultivating an aesthetic and particular style of messaging that make a lasting impression on young women.
"Whoa, something's probably really messed up with him."
"I'd be in the web catching flies all day, and that's just not where I'm at right now."
"I'm going to absolutely unload on the next person who crosses my path, provided they don't have as high a social or professional standing as I do."
How To Trace Your Genealogy
"I just hope this isn't what it's going to be like between us from now on."
Via ClickHole
According to a report from the Office of the Inspector General, the Food and Drug Administration has been too slow to act when it comes to recalling contaminated foods and removing them from circulation.
Via StarWipe
"He needs the convincing facade of tenderness and compassion of someone special."
In Sports:
According to eyewitnesses, the story ultimately became impossible to follow.
"No harm in giving back to society until hiring gets going again."
Via ClickHole
"Thanks to advances in video surveillance, we've been able to look inside Muslims' homes and view some breathtaking calligraphy prints and handwoven tapestries."
"It really puts the power in the hands of the child."
Having starred in a 2015 film addressing the same issue, actress Helen Mirren testified before a Senate hearing to advocate for the return of priceless artwork to Jewish families from whom the artifacts were stolen by Nazis during WWII.
Here are the pros and cons of open-plan offices:
"Is it I who am trapped in this museum, or the pieces of art that currently surround me?"
"I've been worried that I may be developing aspects of my personality that have nothing to do with climbing the corporate ladder."

"This is actually kind of nice; it's not some insignificant nonissue that I've blown way out of proportion."
via The A.V. Club
Ways To Make Your Commute More Enjoyable
Via ClickHole: Inspiring! This Dad Lowered His Basketball Rim To Dunk On His Daughter
"It totally slipped my mind to just ignore her existence entirely."
Via ClickHole:
Nature magazine has published a new study in which genetic material from two parents was placed inside a third-party embryo to produce a healthy baby with the DNA of three people, though doctors emphasize this is not "messing with God" but rather finding new uses for mitochondria.
Via Onion Sports:
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
"To be honest, it'll be good to have a little time away from feeling like we can make some sort of difference."
"I literally have never seen him do anything else."
"Americans appear deeply unsettled by this turn of events." – Richard Meyer, economist
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Politics:
Here are the pros and cons of for-profit colleges:
Forbes has named German Chancellor Angela Merkel their most powerful woman for the sixth consecutive year, saying she displays "sheer humanism" in her leadership.
Gary McGill, 41, added that he had been lending the swimsuit out to other guests and that it was really no trouble at all.
"He could have died or, worse, been held accountable for his actions."
"He was a little shaken up after agents wrestled him to the ground, but he should be fine."

News of Jeremy Fahey's debilitating employment has left his loved ones shocked and feeling helpless.
Via The A.V. Club:
Tips For Planning A Family Vacation
"People said a woman could never be president, and now look how far we've come."
High school junior Marissa Klemp and chemistry teacher Rebecca Murphy both hope to earn some extra money to buy some new clothes before the next school year starts.
Via The A.V. Club:
"I'd be mad, too. I am mad."
Via ClickHole:
Scientists have discovered that the archerfish, known for its ability to shoot jets of water to stun prey, can consistently shoot water at the same individual humans, indicating an ability to distinguish and recognize discrete human faces.
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Via Onion Politics:
Via StarWipe:
A pair of khaki Izod shorts that rose above Robert Crawford's knobby, pallid knees caused his immense levels of influence to dissipate within a matter of seconds.
This 1,600-square-mile Dubai replica is located "a convenient five-mile drive" from downtown Dubai.
Via ClickHole:
Barack Obama: "It seems that whatever the drone sees, I see. Our minds have melded into one."
"For best results, it is advised that users stay away from mirrors and other reflective surfaces entirely during the course of treatment."
Tips For Reinventing Yourself
Two weeks after Cincinnati zookeepers were forced to fatally shoot Harambe the gorilla to protect a 3-year-old patron who had entered the enclosure, an Ohio prosecutor has confirmed that the mother of the child will not face any charges.
"Our new show offers the same first-rate entertainment you've come to expect from SeaWorld, and it's sure to be a huge hit with guests of all ages."
"And…sent."

"Somebody else should do it. I don't want to mess it up."
How To Live Gluten-Free
"Ruggles wants to be dominated. He likes it."
Via ClickHole:
"I mean, it'd feel weird not to."
Via The A.V. Club:
"How can you say you love to travel if you've never even been out of the country?"
A meta-analysis of 48 medical papers found that women are more likely to have anxiety disorders than men, which could indicate differences in brain chemistry or men's reluctance to report feelings of anxiety.
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
"They are soft and supple, like putty in my fingers—molded to whatever schemes of devious graham-crackery I may be hatching!"
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Here are some of the upcoming changes to Nutrition Facts labeling:
Via ClickHole:
A fully grown Hillary Clinton is expected to emerge from her chrysalis before the first presidential debate at Wright State University in September.
Rob Benson's time and efforts are almost exclusively directed toward cultivating an aesthetic and particular style of messaging that make a lasting impression on young women.
When you boasted last week that "nothing can stop me now," you apparently forgot about syphilis.
China's Civil Affairs Bureau has announced they reserve the right to withhold marriage licenses from couples wearing shorts or T-shirts when they come to apply, explaining it shows disrespect for the institution of marriage.
"In retrospect, when I first got on [the train], that was probably my best window of opportunity."
Nate Kapper, 19, started two months ago and is sent home early most days due to a lack of tasks to complete.

Tips For Socializing Your Dog
An alarming 1 out of 10 patrons of this music equipment superstore nationwide manage to fall through the cracks.
Via ClickHole:
"I can't for the life of me think of what it's called, but I'm telling you, you'd love it."
Via The A.V. Club:
Google's latest machine learning program has successfully composed a 90-second piano melody out of four provided notes using a trained neural network.
Via StarWipe:
College Basketball Star Heroically Overcomes Tragic Rape He Committed
Via Onion Sports:

Find people whose success stories inspire you, then steadily work toward gaining their positive outlook, determination, and credit card information.
World War II veteran Roger Sarlo expects to be "positively drenched in cooch" by mid-afternoon.
Via ClickHole:
"You know whatever happened had to have been real, real bad."
Editorial Cartoon:
The Key To Getting Pregnant Is Letting Everyone Know You're Trying
A new study found that airline passengers in economy seats were twice as likely to exhibit "air rage" such as shouting at the flight attendants if they were required to walk through the first-class area while boarding.

"I didn't even know the 24 of you were back in town."
"For far too long, this lowlife criminal has preyed upon unsuspecting cigarette owners."
"I'm beginning to think he just likes taking a long weekend."
Via ClickHole
"We're excited to get this little guy back into a tiered ecological feeding structure."
Pfizer officials say the new up-market blend has a sophisticated flavor profile of cherry, codeine, pseudoephedrine, and hints of citrus.
Options included a variety of dried-out cheese slices, wilted salad greens, mushy coleslaw, and discolored guacamole.
"How arrogant I was, thinking my lunch would last forever."
"Kind of helps me approach my craft in an unconventional way, you know?"
Here are some etiquette tips to ensure that everyone has a safe and relaxing time at the beach:
American obesity epidemic is rendering targets and bystanders much easier to hit.
Reports indicated that the ice cube appeared to effortlessly hang in the air, suspended for an impossibly long time while spinning swiftly.
Via ClickHole
The photographer was later observed calling the groomsmen and bridesmaids by nicknames he had assigned them.
FOR: Dwindling populations of North American Dippin' Dots vendors must be protected  AGAINST: Fucking peacocks everywhere
Via ClickHole
Uber says the new feature will make suing the company "as quick and easy as hailing a ride."
Prom-Planning Tips
The TSA plans to hire an additional 20,000 agents to stand and point out which line you should be in.
"The choice was obvious."
"This is a disaster—not even one of the subjects sighed loudly and slumped her shoulders after putting on our product."
"The world is closer than it's ever been to a cataclysmic event that could destroy the lives of millions."
"Signs posted throughout the queues will also state that death is unpredictable but guaranteed."
God Almighty, Our Lord and Heavenly Father insists He has "really put [His] own spin on it and humanized [His] Messiah."
"No matter how hard she tried to beat it, her roots just kept coming back."
The Onion walks you through some ways to reduce the cost of flying:
"Today, the decision to spend your life with someone is frequently made under duress."
The Louvre was forced to close this week due to rising floodwaters along the Seine, with curators scrambling to remove 200,000 pieces of priceless artwork from underground storerooms and protect them from potential water damage.
Via ClickHole:
Here are some notable Hollywood breakups in recent years:
Via StarWipe:
"Then it goes 'XOXO, hope you're okay!' Jesus, what does she think, I'm going to drown?"
Scientists have chosen to name a newly discovered species of praying mantis the Ilomantis ginsburgae, an homage to Supreme Court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's record on gender equality issues.
As soon as Anthony Gerrit sits down and begins eating, he will be immediately transported to a wondrous, perfect world
Via ClickHole:
Fictitious sources also confirmed that the so-called "masterminds" behind our country's security and strategic defense are in fact people of moderate to reasonably above-average intelligence just like us.
"I'm not ready to scrape the bottom of the barrel just yet."
"After 15 minutes of answering emails at my desk I just knew this day was beyond salvaging."
"It went by so fast, though—I have to do it again!"
"The effects were immediate, with women gaining this remarkable knowledge at the very moment they began breastfeeding."
"It's nice to have a little time to ruin my personal life."

Tips For New College Graduates
"There may be a few stunned looks at first, but this behavior is soon followed by a flurry of eye contact, half-suppressed smiles, and then sustained, measurable improvements in mood."
Area teen Jeremy Royce has thus far been denied access to the act of sexual coupling.
"In a business that survives by word of mouth, good reviews are absolutely essential."
The group could easily have charged a $20 admission to but, in a gesture of magnanimity, chose to offer the show to the public at no cost.
Via The A.V. Club:
When David Berham is engaged in conscious thought, experts say it's "as though he has slipped into an unconscious or prolonged vegetative state."
Via StarWipe:
Ride-hailing app Uber has accepted $3.5 billion from Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, angering many critics who say that Uber will only perpetuate the country's laws banning female drivers.
The majority of Trump endorsements are made after officials  stare vacantly up at their ceiling between midnight and 5 a.m.
Via ClickHole:

"We've got a whole spread, so just grab a plate and dig in."
Via ClickHole
Here are some reasons behind the growing frequency of violent crime:
"Not long ago, I had my whole meal in front of me."
"It's a nice way to unwind after a 19-hour shift of drilling, applying sealant, and inserting fasteners into aft sections 47 and 48."
After inciting global outrage, Chinese ad agency Qiaobi has apologized for their commercial in which a black man is thrown into a washing machine and comes out as a Chinese man, adding that the internet community should not "overanalyze" the ad.
"It'll be fine. I can probably manage it."
First things first: Leave the car running in the driveway.

Via ClickHole
Tips For Staying Hydrated
"This place is loaded with odd little knickknacks, and I will go ballistic if it doesn't stay that way when I step inside the bathroom."
"My only regret is that I can't eat while I'm sleeping."
Via ClickHole:
"There is less to be gained from 48 months in which one is tightly shackled about the ankle and connected by a short length of chain to a leaking, immovable cast-iron radiator."
Via The A.V. Club:
Despite 30 years of efforts, the world's top scientists admit they are no closer to knowing which Tetris block will show up even just 10 seconds in the future.
Via StarWipe:
A new report reveals the number of concussions sustained by children could be vastly underreported, given that only emergency room diagnoses are counted toward the CDC's tally and not those identified by pediatricians.

Via ClickHole:
Here is the case for and against zoos:
"You never know when you'll need to use a gorilla to save your life."
"I'd use tape, but sometimes when you take it off it scuffs up the paper."
Local wedding photographer Bob Dennison was hired over the internet and had no biological relationship to the family whatsoever.
Teens Hold Clothing Drive For Classmate Who Dresses Really Ugly
Uber: "We're excited to introduce a feature that will make bringing litigation against us as quick and easy as hailing a ride."
The State Department has determined Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server to conduct business as Secretary of State violated the Federal Records Act and that her actions created unacceptable security risks.
Kara and Ross Delp dutifully cycled through a short list of generic topics of conversation in an effort to please their mother.
"It was nothing short of a meltdown."

Via ClickHole: We Don't Know How To Make GIFs, So We Had This Guy Make A Surprised Face 200 Times In A Row
"Obviously, since there is so much deserving music, we have to be selective with what we include."
Sources said Eric Ford banged out the closing lines of the report with an especially clamorous series of keystrokes befitting a rising newspaperman in the golden era of print news.
How To Combat Signs Of Aging
"When you see them together and how they interact, it's really obvious that they are just hopelessly in debt."
Via The A.V. Club:
"Repeated biting of the skull and face is the textbook way to fend off a human attack."
Via StarWipe:
Major sites including Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube have agreed to an EU code of conduct that mandates review and removal of hate speech within 24 hours of anyone flagging it.
Via ClickHole:
"We're going to have to throw everything out and start from scratch."
Via Onion Sports:
Here are some ways in which the TSA plans to improve
"The world is closer than it's ever been to a cataclysmic event that could destroy the lives of millions."
Via ClickHole:
"Finally, after years of trying to achieve equality, it's nice to know that my gender isn't a financial strike against me."
"C'mon—that's just one minor detail. I added plenty of new stuff in there." – God Almighty, Our Lord and Heavenly Father
According to a new report, anti-abortion groups are using geofencing, or the act of targeting consumers in certain geographical areas, to text women entering abortion clinics and implore them to consider other options.
"The exhaustive brainstorming of these scenes represents the most inventive thinking that occurs in the workplace."
For each of the past 156 weekends, Jeremy Wallace has packed a bag and traveled to friends' weddings all across the country.

Via ClickHole
"I hope he knows it's not our responsibility if anything happens."
"It's hard to tell if it was serious or not. But we would know if it was a joke, right?"
"Given the size of the museum, visitors can feel fine blowing right past these exhibits."
"Our findings show that the remainder of those who publicly endorsed Trump, roughly 30 percent, did so after lying facedown on their bed quietly groaning into their pillow for about an equal amount of time."
Via ClickHole

Tips For Proper Pool Safety
"The collision left a significant dent in the end of the universe as well."
"I figured people might be rolling in a little late on a Monday."
Via ClickHole
"He's just the perfect fit for our family."
According to reports, the intrepid voyager only found what he had been seeking when he stumbled by chance onto a sparsely populated forum in the darkest, most desolate back country of the digital sphere.
A product development manager and former Keurig VP have teamed up to create CannaKorp Inc., a company whose vaporizers load single-serving "pods" of marijuana.


Via ClickHole: This Will Change The Way You Watch 'Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind'
"They had every opportunity to prevent the events of February 26, 2016. Yet they simply stood by and watched this senseless tragedy unfold."
"When the last person on earth with any memory of him dies, the paint cans and single-serve coffee pods he's thrown out will just be getting started."
Though e-readers have increasingly supplanted books in the digital age, many bibliophiles defend the importance of physical texts.
Via ClickHole
"Maybe he vowed to cover the expense of all the bomber's legal fees during one of the primary debates. Who knows?"
"He just kind of cries."
Provide your child invaluable real-world experience by paying them below the poverty level for their manual labor.
"I won't let anyone stop me from telling the voters of this country that, at this challenging and divisive moment in our country's history, I stand for whatever it is they stand for." – Hillary Clinton
This Week Last Year:
"This is Dad's time, so we try to leave him alone."
FOR: Staying active and engaged in society has numerous health benefits for seniors  AGAINST: Having raised $207 million, dropping out would help get a lot of money out of politics
Editorial Cartoon:
The split second between when Timothy Lang finished typing and the moment his search results appeared onscreen would be the last time he recognized himself as the person he is now.
"Finish, finish, finish! Yaaaaggh!"
"Seriously. Stop wasting everyone's goddamn time."
This Week Last Year:
"We felt it would be nice for him to watch two completely shitty teams fail to hit a ball out of the infield and score zero runs."
Via ClickHole
"Our Hellfire missiles veered some 7,700 miles off target and, regrettably, struck the Epstein-Miller wedding."
"I'll probably be up until 9."
"He must have got his hands on a brick or something."
"It was hard letting go of that dream, but really, this is the next best thing—I get to hang around with birds all day."
"It's just so nice to have someone with whom I can talk about my life and discuss my health concerns."
"Thousands of hours are squandered each day by Americans running their fingers along the outside of a roll of tape."
Via The A.V. Club:
Though they had planned for months to discuss Russia's LGBT rights record, Sir Elton John and Vladimir Putin must indefinitely postpone the meeting due to scheduling conflicts.
Via ClickHole:
"We've amended our policy to accommodate those on staff who would like a little extra time to lower themselves in the eyes of their coworkers."
Via StarWipe:
How Companies Are Appealing To Millennials
Eric Ford, 31, was furiously writing up an investment evaluation as though he were a fedora-clad young hotshot in a smoke-filled bullpen.
Stunned onlookers say the political thriller was left completely open for the taking for nearly five straight minutes.
Via ClickHole:

"It's probably a lot simpler than we're making it out to be. But what if it isn't?"
Via Onion Sports:
"We recommend visitors poke their heads into these exhibits only if they have a lot of time to kill."
The Pew Research Center has confirmed that for the first time in 130 years, more people aged 18-34 are living with their parents than living alone or with a partner, statistics attributable to the economic impact of the Great Recession.
Timothy Gibula's every mistake and humiliation is vividly remembered by everyone who knows him.
"It stands to reason that it could be harnessed and applied to weekend DIY endeavors never before imagined."

Via ClickHole: This Will Change The Way You Watch 'Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind'
"People tend to put their trust in a box more often than, say, a bucket or satchel."
Tips For Saving Money
Furious Steve Kerr Throws Spine Onto Court To Protest Foul Call
"Leave my dinner by the door if you would—I need to be alone with my thoughts now."
Via ClickHole:
"We are a couple and you are also a couple, so we should go to dinner together as two couples."
Though new medications must undergo exhaustive clinical testing before hitting the market, a new study found that only a third of Americans are willing to participate in such trials.
Via The A.V. Club:
"We can now determine conclusively that Amanda Berley's friends are indeed the greatest in the world."
Bystanders confirmed the presence of white plastic chairs stacked in numerous terrifying columns nearby.
Via Onion Politics:
Via StarWipe:
Voyager 1, the pioneering space probe launched in 1977, has been severely damaged.
Via ClickHole:
"My youngest daughter was a little scared of him, so we went with Buddy."
"Practically all you have to do is step out your front door and you can sweat completely through your shirt."

A new South Korean ice cream treat called the Gyeondyo, or "hang in there" bar, claims to cure hangovers with raisin tree extract, an ingredient historically used to combat the after-effects of alcohol consumption.
"We must not allow this ignoble parasite to usurp our rightful place as the most feared and reviled pest in all the land."

"He's got me worried sick!"

A Breakdown Of Wedding Costs
Via ClickHole
"To be honest, everything's been happening just as I planned it."
"He's quick as hell and a lot stronger than he looks, and he's smart—very smart."
Via The A.V. Club:
The newly released Air Fornicators promise better traction during coitus.
Via StarWipe:
Brent Quigley does not back down from rewriting stern and accusatory passages several times a day.
The London School of Economics and Political Science has hired Angelina Jolie as a visiting professor to teach a masters-level course in Women, Peace, and Security.
Via ClickHole:
"I just know the son of a bitch is hung like a bear, too."
Investigators described those who allowed such a screenplay to be carried out as "extremely sick and heartless individuals."
Channel all of your resentment toward corporate America into repeatedly clicking this link.
Via ClickHole:
"This man's waste is going to shape our world for a long time to come."

Though e-readers have increasingly supplanted books in the digital age, many bibliophiles defend the importance of physical texts.
"I really thought when I confronted him about his emotional state he'd be drunk and belligerent, but no."
A new study reveals a spike in the number of cephalopods in the ocean over the last 60 years, leaving scientists concerned that humans' negative environmental impact has left an opening for adaptable squids and octopuses to thrive.
"You just can't expect a person to fall on the same political side of every issue he is confronted with."
Wristbands allow festivalgoers to return to the empty field after a trip to the parking lot to retrieve more MDMA, mephedrone, 2-DPMP, Benzo Fury, Adderall, or synthetic cannabinoids.

Tips For Successful Fundraising
"Though Mr. Dennison attempted to rein in costs at points, it ultimately proved far more expensive than anticipated."
"Why do they have to make it so strong and peppery? There's too many spices."
Via ClickHole:
A new report says print journalism owes its solvency to the loyal hostage-takers still paying cover price.
Via The A.V. Club:
Over the past three years, Matthew Krueger's job has been transformed in his mind from a stopgap to pay off student loans to his "dream job."
A study of 189 adults who had been born premature found that "preemies" experienced higher rates of unemployment and chronic illness, lower income, and were more likely to be single and childless.
Via StarWipe:
"There's still five more months of this, for Christ's sake."
TIP: Simulate the free market by having all of your children compete for a single allowance.
Via ClickHole:

"These are my core convictions. My driving principles." – Hillary Clinton
The stars foretell that food will materialize in your refrigerator the fourth time you open it.
President Obama recently overturned a 2015 decision that revoked the rights of female WWII pilots to be buried at Arlington, saying they have served their nation bravely and deserve recognition.
Here are some pros and cons of having a long-distance relationship:
"This is definitely not going to be good."
Some top faiths have taken notice of Owen Pritchard's ability to plummet to the very depths of depravity.

Best Ways To Deal With Smartphone Addiction
"Oh, God, she's going to make me talk to this guy."
For millions of Americans, traveling to and from work requires a long, tedious commute on a series of outdated zip-lines.
Researchers say they currently have no answers as to how Erik Collins, 32, could be so fucking inept.
"No no no, this can't be right. I'm not settling down and making a go of it in Charlotte. Am I?"
Via ClickHole:
The White House was placed on lockdown yesterday after the Secret Service detected a security breach on the North Lawn, though it turned out to be balloons that had floated over the fence.
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
"This is Dad's time, so we try to leave him alone."
"Oh my gosh, it's light out already!"

Via ClickHole:
The simple act of entering a particular set of search terms into his internet browser is said to have suddenly opened a fresh new chapter in this man's life.
Editorial Cartoon:
A Washington Post poll asked Native Americans whether the name of the Washington NFL team, the Redskins, bothered or offended them, with 7 in 10 responding that they did not find the term offensive.

"I'm pretty much all set to begin this new, dispiriting chapter in my life on the right foot."
"Don't talk to me until I've had my morning caffeine, and then continue not to speak with me the rest of the day."
"This is big, Lauer. The American public needs to hear about this."
Top Story:
Via ClickHole
"I just need some time to sit down and recharge right now."
"We're really going to have to keep a closer watch to make sure his yearly deductible keeps pace with his increased health risk."
"I honestly don't even know how long he was there."
Via StarWipe:
Make your wishes known while you're still around. Sit your children down and tell them you want a good, clean fight.
"Oh, that one has a pool! And there's that big one over there—I bet that's a school."
"I felt strangely drawn to them, despite their poorly groomed exteriors and lack of sophistication."
Editorial Cartoon:
"The most insufferable ones are the guys who keep talking about how this is going to help them to envision new applications for their live-streaming platform."
If you're one of those rare candidates who has proficiency in Microsoft Word, then for God's sake, mention it.
"To tell you the truth, it's been a while since I've heard anyone mention anything about confirmation hearings." – Merrick Garland
"I was really taken aback by how little it all meant."
"You should invite them over sometime. Maybe they could help you put together that new shelf you bought."
"The frequency with which unsuspecting avians of egg-producing age are subjected to lurid flourishes of multicolor tail feathers is really quite shocking."
"Everything is going very smoothly so far; we've already transferred roughly 30 percent of the president's memories, cognitive capacities, and emotional traits to the robot avatar."
"There must be 25 people here. What's taking so long?"
The voices say Tom Kepler, 39, should take his time and butcher his loved ones at his own pace.
"He's a good boy. A real good boy."
"To be honest, I'm just really drowsy and innately insufferable."
Via ClickHole:
Google has acquired a patent for a sticky adhesive substance on the hoods of cars that acts like flypaper in the event a pedestrian is struck, keeping the victim affixed to the vehicle rather than being thrown from the car as it brakes.
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
"We just thought he'd get a kick out of seeing six innings of the most god-awful baseball ever played."
Weekend Magazine:
Via ClickHole:
Step down to the next rung of our ever-lowering journalistic standards.
Via Onion Politics:
Biden: "Listen, Barry, I need the real deal."
"The U.S. is committed to fully rebuilding the affected pool and ballroom facilities in a prompt fashion."
Due to overall economic recovery and lowered fuel costs, more Americans than ever are embarking on trips rather than taking "staycations" at home, with 2.78 million airline seats sold per day.
This couple estimates that they've been able to trim costs by at least $80 a month.
"For a lousy $25 a day? Totally not worth it."

"Dammit! It's the same freaking thing every time."
"Our research shows that eating actually confers several benefits beyond temporarily holding despair at bay."
"Jeez, what was I thinking?"
Via The A.V. Club:
"It's almost as if serving the needs of the Orange County magic community is no longer his top priority."
Citing wetter-than-average El Nino conditions, California is rolling back its water restrictions, giving local communities the power to determine their own usage reductions.
Via StarWipe:
"People should mostly be using our site to say hello to old classmates and wish each other a happy birthday." – Mark Zuckerberg
TIP: Try not to talk about your own past relationships unless your date brings up John Cena first.
The officer repeatedly urged the man to step away from the Subway cashier before making a rash decision.
"I'll definitely still do it on our anniversary, but I just need some time to sit down and recharge right now."
Via ClickHole:
"To be honest, it was probably just what we needed to shake us out of our old habits."
"I think he may have even started nodding a little as he read."
Though she has previously referred to the Republican frontrunner as "worse than Voldemort" and considers his statements "bigoted and objectionable," author J.K. Rowling  says Donald Trump is nonetheless entitled to free speech and should not be banned from the U.K. as a British petition is demanding.
Samantha Curtis, who has also lost her iPhone twice in the past year, can't wait to be a mom.
"Only when partners open their hearts to each other's hopes, fears, and needs can a marriage grow."
Ryan Hodson, 20, says he will not let his utter lack of training stop him from going into space.

"If you bring anything too fancy or too cheap, it tips the study too far in one direction."
"We've found that reading a headline followed by three or four sentences on a computer screen will result in a malignant brain tumor 97 percent of the time."
Jessica Knoll, 28, deferred to others in attendance before segueing into a 45-second-long explanation of why she "may very well not have a good handle on these things."
Via The A.V. Club:
Further reports confirmed the breakup has also taken a heavy toll on the kitchen cabinets and even a couple of windows.
Via ClickHole:
A judge has ordered the town of Cleveland, MS to desegregate its school system, with many parents protesting the decision to consolidate the high schools that are currently attended exclusively by black and white students, respectively.
Via StarWipe:
Google Engineers Invent New Body Part To Strap Gadgets Onto
"My whole shift is pretty much spent asking people to step aside as I swipe my employee card and clean up whatever mess the machine's gotten itself into."
Insofar as you like being reduced to a number on a monthly advertising spreadsheet, click here.
TIP: Over a period of decades, do your best to accumulate enough garbage to make any of this worth it.
"Whoa, there are so many."
Via ClickHole:
J. Thomas Donelan III says he was struck by how beautiful the lower class looked as they passed by him on the way to their second jobs.
Study Reveals Conditions In Women's Prisons Deplorably Unsexy

Prince William, Princess Kate, and Prince Harry have teamed up to launch Heads Together, an initiative that will bring together multiple charities to address and remove the stigma surrounding mental health issues.
"It'll be tough tiptoeing around personal stuff and sticking to small talk, but I'll try my hardest."
TIP: Run three to four miles per day until your water breaks
"These little servings of orange and rainbow sherbet launched it out of the fucking park."
Via The A.V. Club
Via ClickHole
Though he focused on showing everyone, local resident Todd Stenerud also demanded to know what the fuck everyone was laughing at.
"Mrs. Belsheim makes me feel like I can do anything I set my mind to, but then unfortunately the rest of my classes convince me that school is a waste of my time."
"Endlessly pursuing a hidden Nazi fortress rumored to contain a priceless collection of stolen Renaissance art is infinitely preferable to living off the $125 the average American puts aside every month."
TIP: Trick your kids into believing an Etch A Sketch is a computer.
Via The A.V. Club:
Beginning in 2017, the Philadelphia 76ers will be the first NBA team to display business logos on game jerseys, a move that is expected to generate $100 million annually.
Via StarWipe:
Piero Salazar says that if he hears about one more Silicon Valley CEO's vision for establishing their app's KPIs, he might quit his spiritual practice altogether.
"Her father was particularly upset at first, but now I think he's learned to accept it."
"No doubt about it, if one of them decides to look me up, that's all she wrote."
The cover letter is your opportunity to let prospective employers know what you are capable of, particularly in the event that they don't hire you.
"Just throwing it out there, but is there any work I should be getting started on? In order to get a jump on things, I mean?"
Editorial Cartoon:
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer is imposing new restrictions on its drugs to keep them from being used in lethal injections, saying they object to their role in capital punishment.
Via ClickHole:
Your excitement over the new arrival in your life is shattered when it is born with antlers.
"I'm telling you, people are just getting it on like crazy—just all the time."
"If it hadn't been for this DNA test, I might have died in that monogamous relationship."

"I still can't tell what's going on with him."
"I was completely unprepared for what an insignificant life experience it turned out to be."
This daredevil says nothing gives him more pleasure than engaging in highly dangerous acts, such as sitting in an office chair all day or lying prostrate on his couch.
The report examined 2,000 arrests made last year where minority suspects remained either conscious, unconscious, or slowly drifting in and out of consciousness.
Via ClickHole:
TIP: Look for red flags around the office, such as unsanitary bathrooms and piles of dead horses.
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
An underwater sinkhole in Florida was found to contain fossils of tools and mastodon bones from 14,550 years ago, suggesting that humans arrived in Florida 1,000 years earlier than previously believed.

"Jesus H. Christ. This is all my fault, isn't it?"
Via StarWipe:
The survey also found 48 percent of female birds exposed to such unsolicited displays of plumage had barely reached sexual maturity.
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
The process will take up to 19 separate four-hour sessions before Obama's complete being is transmitted to the mechanized figure.
With news of an upcoming sequel to the Disney hit Frozen, many fans have taken to social media to express their hope that writers will clarify Queen Elsa is a lesbian, based on implications of her sexuality in the first film.

In Local News:
"It's going to be so sweet."
"Sounds bonkers, right? But I think it just might work."
"He wasn't a bad kid," added Harwich, sniffling back tears. "But not exactly one in a million, either."
"That's the one."

Via ClickHole

"Once they go out those doors and speed off in a hijacked ambulance, we almost never get those gowns back."
Donald Trump's political positions, personal history, and potential governing style have been the subject of much debate throughout the 2016 election.
"When Allie comes around to refill the water, you can tell she's just going through the motions."
Via ClickHole
Editorial Cartoon
Sunday Magazine
"OBAMA!"

Via ClickHole: Watch The Joy In This Woman's Face When A Kind Stranger Gives A Different Woman A Cactus
From 1776 to 2016, the sanctity of American bathrooms remained pure and inviolable.
Via The A.V. Club
"Whoever this guardian angel is, I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude."
"We found that by the 20- or 30-second mark, people typically begin trailing off into ambiguity, equivocation, or flat-out silence."
Via ClickHole
"It appears that as many as half of all registered voters would be open to casting their ballot for such a detestable outsider."
"We're all looking forward to seeing how our beloved asset progresses now that it's going out into the real world."

Via ClickHole
"We simply display the same 20 good-looking individuals over and over, none of whom our users can match with or even contact, but whom they can look at all they want."
"For anyone who hasn't seen it before or isn't sure what to look for, the sky will appear as a small, bluish area that should stand out clearly from its surroundings."
Reports indicate that the stomach-turning amalgamation terminates with the loathsome and unnatural conjoinment of the family dog's nickname.
"All this not-getting-laid really takes me back."
Home Improvement Tips
"The moment I read the question, I called my agent and told him I had to be in this thing." – Brendan Fraser
Top Story:
Via The A.V. Club: Shearwater stopped by to pay tribute to David Bowie with a cover of every song off of his iconic album, Lodger. Watch video of each cover song on our site: http://avc.lu/24Wiu8B
Saying he considers it a piece of American history, George Zimmerman announced plans to auction off the handgun with which he shot unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012.
"If this guy wants four years of tuition, he'd better enrich the ever-living shit out of campus life."
Via StarWipe
The evidence is all there.
"Boy, he got right into that whole thing real fast."
Via ClickHole
"Now that I'm getting older, I've had to expand my prospects."
Via Onion Politics
Barack Obama will be the first U.S. president to visit the Japanese city of Hiroshima, though the White House has clarified that there will be no formal apology issued during his stay for America's 1945 bombing of the city.
This strange and unusual woman is actually able to talk at length about her life and various feelings with her parents.
"Sometimes I'll make a big day out of it with my girlfriends and we'll all go out and set a forest fire."

"I'd kind of expected someone to ask me if everything's all right at home or at least tell me I look tired lately."
Tips For Staying In Touch With Friends
Via ClickHole
Since scheduling a date, Justin Glick has been able to temporarily delay the process of slowly atrophying into a pale shadow of a man.
Via StarWipe
Google has submitted a proposal to the Unicode Consortium calling for emoji that depict females in various professional roles, explaining that only male emoji currently represent these occupations and that the new offerings would empower young girls.
"Wow, I thought she looked completely genderless before, but now she's really taken it to a whole new level."
Via The A.V. Club:   This Seinfeld-inspired billboard is real, and it's spectacular: http://avc.lu/1rIdimQ
Ignoring the irritated stares of passing shoppers, he strums gently on his acoustic guitar.
While massive superstores like Target have dominated the retail landscape for years, many shoppers are rejecting them in favor of smaller, locally owned shops. Here is a side-by-side comparison of the two options:
Via ClickHole: Whoa! Man Does 40 Celebrity Impressions In An Hour And A Half!

"Richard had a twinkle in his eye even when we told him we needed another minute or two to settle on what we wanted."
Chemical engineers are testing a polymer that instantly hides wrinkles and blemishes by turning to an elastic film on the body, which then acts like a "second skin" to smooth and protect the skin beneath it.
"You just never know where the day is going to go with Paul."
"I was sure everyone would like her. But now that the numbers are in, I guess I really dropped the ball on this one."
Surgeons say it was a race against time to make Blair Bishop, 33, look more glamorous.

"If I knew there were barbecue wings, I wouldn't have even taken most of this stuff."
"Now that I'm saved, I've got a whole bunch of friends."
Summer Concert Style Tips
Via ClickHole
"That's not the man I thought I knew."
Via StarWipe
"Man, she doesn't have to walk to her gate or anything; I would kill to be her right now."
Holding company JAB Beech has purchased donut chain Krispy Kreme for $1.35 billion, the latest acquisition for the company after purchasing Keurig, Peet's Coffee, and Einstein Bros. Bagels.
The Onion separates myth from fact in this breakdown of Donald J. Trump's campaign.
Via The A.V. Club

Via ClickHole
"I thought whitening my teeth would be fun—really dramatic or something."
Via Onion Sports
"This is the last straw, do you hear me?"
Stanford research showed that when teachers moved away from punitive discipline and favored an empathic model of building strong relationships with students, the number of annual suspensions was reduced by half.
Caleb Tremont, 3, will gradually come to believe that he is a complete failure and a burden to everyone he knows.
Terrestrial planet WR 67c told reporters that it "just prays" it never develops a mild global climate hospitable to humans.
"If you don't fly often, there's lots of stuff you probably don't know."

"Oh, man, I really had to go and there wasn't a sunbather or occupied picnic table in sight."
"It was a real eye-opener for me as soon as things got really rough there for about a dozen years."
Via ClickHole: "This recipe for lover's broth is easy to make, and it's the perfect dinner during a romantic evening with your special someone!"
Arguments For And Against Capital Punishment
"I'm not up in arms or anything, I'm just saying it'd be a lot easier for everyone if we just gave it up."
A new study found that deep male voices elicit a much stronger reaction from fellow males than females, suggesting that a deep register evolved not to attract a mate but to ward off rivals.
Via StarWipe
"The level of detail is truly Dickensian."
Via The A.V. Club
The Onion presents a timeline of transgender rights in America.
Via Onion Politics
Via ClickHole

"Who is this anonymous philanthropist who would take it upon themselves to provide a complete stranger with such a bounty of savings?"
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Via Onion Sports:
An out-of-body experience will soon leave you with a deeper understanding of just how much weight you should be trying to lose.
The Australian government has announced an $11 million initiative to introduce a certain strain of herpes into their waterways that will kill invasive European carp while keeping humans and native fish populations unharmed.
This Mediterranean appears to  prefer the crime and political chaos of his own country to what is available in the U.S.
"It was just this really nice moment we all got to share together."
"Frankly, the only seashells left are of the most inferior quality, in terms of both aesthetic appeal and structural integrity."

The Human Rights Commission has declared it illegal for any business to refuse to serve pregnant women despite public health warnings that alcohol can affect a developing fetus, explaining that the decision to drink is a matter of personal autonomy.
How Colleges Are Luring Top Students
Via The A.V. Club:
"It appears that as many as half of all registered voters would be open to casting their ballot for such a detestable outsider."
Via ClickHole:
Here are this year's most popular fitness trends:
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Sports:
Editorial Cartoon:
"It's been absolutely amazing to watch our revenue stream grow right before our eyes."
The 19-character code reportedly swaps out an "S" in Evan and Jeannine Perkins' firstborn's name with a hideous and debasing dollar sign.
Via ClickHole:
Couplet currently has 16 million registered users and is ranked No. 3 on both Apple's App Store and Google Play.

The official CNSA website plans to broadcast live for residents with obstructed views.
Researchers have found that as many as 250,000 Americans could be dying each year from medical error, a cause that should consequently be included in the CDC's annual list of the leading causes of death.
Modern women are finally seeing the opportunity to toil for years on meaningless busywork.
"Every single time one of my old classmates turns up in a dumpster or something, I get an article about it in the mail."

Consider buying a used guidebook. Yugoslavia probably hasn't changed much since 1990 anyway.
"It's way less stressful to just sit back and know that, whatever happens from here on out, it's not on us."
"We'll be able to go to the batting cages every day—it'll be awesome."
This Week's Top Story:
"I know I was in Syria a couple times, but I honestly couldn't tell you which side I was on."
Onlookers concluded that the inept adults lacked even the most basic child-rearing skills.
"Ooh, what a treat!"
"It appears he was still recording pulsing, guitar-driven covers of 'She's Always A Woman' up until his death."
"We usually meet here to race because it's out of the way and there's 12 furlongs of open road, plus nobody around here gives a shit if the horses make a lot of noise."
Facebook is reportedly planning to autoplay videos 250 percent louder.
PRO: Way less stigma than taking a year off  CON: 12 months potentially not enough time for an 18-year-old to eradicate poverty in West Africa
Top Story:
This Week Last Year:
The pair successfully identified cilantro, Vidalia onions, eggs, three types of danishes, twine-wrapped lavender soaps, various dairy products, flowers, a large wooden bushel basket, fresh roasted coffee, and several artisanal varieties of balsamic vinegar.
"Aw, jeez, where are they? I need those things!" – God
"Our data show that 60 percent of Americans who commit to regaining their former level of physical fitness by hiring a personal trainer at a gym drop dead almost instantly during their first abdominal crunch."
"Maybe I should give her a chance. She seemed all right. Not overtly weird."
Tips For Tending To Your Lawn And Garden
"He's got an income coming from somewhere. But I don't know where it comes from—he never leaves to go to a job."
"Most vacationing employees aren't even halfway to the airport before their managers have hired someone to permanently take their position."
Via ClickHole:
"Mr. Fox is a lucky man—that burger went right past his heart and just barely missed his lungs."
Via StarWipe:
"The more he's opened up, the clearer it's become that this guy is kind of a nutcase."

"We want to make sure our female employees don't have to choose between motherhood and their careers."
Via ClickHole:
"We're just trying to get as much feedback as possible so we can work out all the kinks before I actually come again in glory to judge the living and the dead." – Christ
The Texas Department of Criminal Justice announced Friday that the state would begin executing death row inmates with an experimental new three-drug Molotov cocktail.
"Until you actually see one all pinned down on your lab table, you don't realize how gross it's going to be."
A group of eight prominent women in the tech industry have teamed up to create Project Include, a nonprofit that consults with startups to "accelerate inclusion solutions" and gain diversity in the hiring process.
Here are some of the pros and cons of going vegetarian:
At the time, no one predicted the dramatic finish that many now expect will be permanently chronicled in the annals of Anderson family lore.

Via The A.V. Club:
"He's an observant kid and he really looks up to me, so I'm sure he'll catch on quickly."
Tips For Hosting A Pool Party
Here are some rules of etiquette that every gym member should follow:
Via ClickHole:
TIP: Be sure to include qualifiers like "allegedly" and "unconfirmed" when the contents of your article aren't strictly true but you're really raring to print it anyway.
A new poll found that over half of U.S. teens report feeling "addicted" to their smartphones, with a third of respondents noting daily household arguments over smartphone use.
Via The A.V. Club:

Here are The Onion's tips for planning a memorable vacation without overspending:
"It was a total headache, so it's actually pretty nice that it's completely out of our hands now." – Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
Hurricane Ashley Expected To Strike Several Bars This Cinco De Mayo
Via ClickHole:
Joey Watkins, 13, says he can't wait to once again live just down the hall from his older brother, who doesn't have the financial resources to live anywhere else.
The Onion Reviews 'Captain America: Civil War'
"This garment not only witnessed an important chapter in NASA history, but was also crucial to maintaining Aldrin's body temperature in the cold, harsh conditions in the Senate committee chamber."
Via Onion Sports:
The nominees for the 70th annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday, in which hit musical Hamilton swept the categories with 16 nominations, breaking the previous records set by The Producers and Billy Elliot in 2001 and 2009, respectively.
"It's one of those sparkly ones too, so if she had spotted it, she would have definitely known what was up."
Parents say it is important to begin saving when their child is still young so they have enough money on hand when their son or daughter goes off into a jobless economy.

"It's tricky, but the more tours you do, the better you get at estimating how long you'll need for the cannon stop."
"Eighty percent of being a doctor is knowing where the lymph nodes are anyhow."
Best Extracurricular Activities For Kids
"I honestly didn't think it would come to this. I mean, he was basically a shy guy."

Via ClickHole:
Remaining Republican candidates Ted Cruz and John Kasich have both exited the presidential race after frontrunner Donald Trump's strong showing in last night's Indiana primary, paving the way for Trump's presumptive nomination.
"While some Americans were able to get to their feet in just two stages, others simply abandoned their efforts to stand altogether and remained seated indefinitely."
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:

Via ClickHole:
"It's incredibly moving and puts into perspective just how much desire has been lacking from my own life."
This M4 says it was definitely in the possession of Sunni tribes in Anbar province for a period, but couldn't say whether it was before or after they switched their alliance with the U.S.
Via Onion Politics:
A Chicago woman has filed a $5 million lawsuit against the Starbucks Corporation claiming false advertising of 24-ounce iced drinks that allegedly only contain 14 ounces of liquid.
"This is my life we're talking about here. And people need to respect that." – George Lucas
Experts say the sequence of mistakes leading to Jeff and Kim Cuthbert's wedding will likely continue through the births of their two children.
"I'm pretty thin, but I didn't think I was eating-disorder thin. I guess I am!"

The shocking turnaround in Tricia Billings' shape preferences has left experts scrambling to discern a possible successor favorite.
James Farber deferred praise, saying that by charging into danger to rescue the victims he "merely put off the fate that befalls us all."
"I've been dreaming about this moment since the first time I heard Ted Cruz speak, and I just had to be here to see it happen."
Via ClickHole:
"Sadly, most creatures never pause to challenge these woefully outdated gender roles."
Via The A.V. Club:
Two historians have presented evidence suggesting that one soldier in the iconic 1945 photo Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima might have been incorrectly identified, a claim the Marine Corps is now investigating.
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
"Oooh, clover honey. More honey. Look—mushrooms!"
Via StarWipe:
"The fact is, these statues can only get my blood pumping so many times before I've got to up the ante."
Tips For Living Longer
Via ClickHole:
Here are some plans on the horizon for the social media giant:
Ted Cruz reportedly appeared comfortable and relaxed as he patiently allowed the throngs of small servants to tend to his appearance.
Click this link to tear down the oppressive iron curtain that separates art from business.
"When he put his hand on my shoulder, I knew it would be a while," recalled Adam Harding, 27, who could not escape from the monologue.
You've never been one to take offense at accusations of arrogance, especially since they're all bullshit anyway.
First daughter Malia Obama has committed to Harvard University but will first take a gap year to draw less attention to her eventual attendance and focus on the final months of her father's presidency.
Brian Vinje was seen lightly touching the grip of a 20-pound dumbbell for a moment.
The intrepid adventurer regaled his colleagues with the legend of the remote and uncharted seventh floor.

Speculation persists as to what could have provoked Mom's tense exit.
"How can someone not be good at sitting on a couch and watching television with someone else?"
Ways To Boost Office Morale
"We didn't really do any work. He told us he wanted today's lesson to be more of a 'conversation,' whatever that means."
Analyzing 12 years of data, researchers have found that playground-related injuries have risen significantly in the last decade, with nearly 30,000 children receiving treatment for concussion symptoms in 2013.
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Sports:
Via StarWipe:
"If celebrations start to get out of hand, we will be right there to join in, climb up traffic lights, and go completely nuts."
"Tragically, we could be hearing new Prince tracks covering Billy Joel classics for decades to come."
Here are the pros and cons of taking a year off before starting the next stage of your education:
Via The A.V. Club:
"I can't perform a single miracle without them, much less rule over all the kingdoms of the Earth." – God Almighty, He Who Commanded Light to Shine out of Darkness
Topsy charmed the crowd with a "silly hula dance" that he has been conditioned to fear performing incorrectly.
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Sports:
Many collapse and perish within the first three minutes of attempting to start jogging again, with most typically not making it to the end of their own block

The cheer and dance team at the University of Washington has removed heavily criticized posters that diagram the "tryout look" for aspiring cheerleaders, encouraging an athletic physique and "beachy glow" but warning against ponytails and tattoos.
"I tell you, I must've had a great time last night. I just hope it was worth hosting this fucking hammer party in my skull."
"I'm telling you, the guy really knows his stuff."
"It's hard not to get a little resentful when he starts casually talking about this five-day cruise to the Bahamas he's going to take."
"I wholeheartedly believe that she is the right person to fight for the future of our country," said Cruz of that woman from before, you know, the one who got fired from the computer company for doing a shitty job.
In Sports This Week:
"Please be advised that dumping the water out onto your yard or down a storm drain is equally hazardous, and we strongly advise against it."
"No one should have to go to work worried they'll come home with the head of a Venus flytrap."
"The second I walk through my front door, off it goes."
"Knowing when to replace it is easy; a bright red indicator light will be visible through your neck, letting you know it's time for a new one."
"We need to accept that maybe the United States just isn't cut out for this."
Via ClickHole
"In just the next 10 years, our models predict a 36 percent rise in stepping off a curb into a huge, stupid puddle."
The new $50 bill will feature a blinking Ulysses S. Grant.
Witnesses confirmed that after completing the initial high-speed maneuver, Erik Brison continued on a straight heading, gliding swiftly across the office's modular carpet tiles.
"Mark my words—I'll show you things that will make even the Rip Tide and the Xcelerator look like pussy-ass piles of shit."
Republican Party leaders are considering making a concerted effort to start taking Trump seriously eight months ago.
Beyoncé's pointed lyrics include: 'Boss-ass bitch going hard with that $9.99 plan; stunners going harder with the lossless $19.99, fam.'
"If you have any interest in putting your flat-footedness and effectively nonexistent hand-eye coordination on full display to your closest work associates, let me know."
"Imagine if he was still here today? Damn."
"I'm such an idiot."

Tips For Disciplining Your Kids
"If he keeps this up, by the end of the year, he could be ready for 11th-grade algebra 2."
"It's going to make us utterly miserable, take over our lives for the foreseeable future, and probably get a bunch of us fired."
"It's a vivacious and good-natured temperament that can be seen on every runway from London to Paris to Milan."
Via The A.V. Club:
"I could, honest to God, ask them to tear their copies of the novel in half because that's what Kerouac 'intended the reader to do,' and they would do it."
Following the singer's unexpected death at the age of 57, a judge has declared that Prince lacked a will to distribute his assets and that his $250 million estate will therefore be managed by Bremer Bank.
Via StarWipe:
As a journalist, it's your responsibility to recuse yourself from reporting on any crimes that you have personally aided or abetted.
"To be honest, I'm usually already eyeing which ones I want to pit against each other before I even start the day's lesson."
Jason Clyne, 34, repeated the sentence a number of times in succession in order to memorize it.
Via ClickHole:
"God, can you even imagine if that were you? Poor bastard."
"Nothing shall stop your growth or limit your yield!"
Here is a side-by-side comparison of planning a wedding and eloping:
Though protests called for the renaming of a dorm hall honoring historic slavery proponent John C. Calhoun, Yale will keep the name unchanged, with officials explaining that it helps students confront disturbing aspects of American history.
"Apparently, those old college friendships aren't fading away at all. Not for them, at least."
"Well, it's time to lower the bar again."
"He'd smile through breakfast, he'd smile in his car seat, he'd smile at strangers. It was excessive."
"I figure if we reduce out-of-cage playtime and take Rory and Eva off feeding privileges entirely, we might be able to get the average down to a more reasonable number."

How To Take Great Photos With Your Phone
Via Onion Sports:
Ted Cruz announced Wednesday that if he is the Republican presidential nominee, he will run with former HP president Carly Fiorina as his vice president.
"It's not like they call you in the middle of the day to say your child is doing great."
Via Onion Politics:
Via StarWipe:

Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
The statement warned, "this liquid has been known to cause severe damage to sewer systems and the environment."
Ella Neumark says it is only now dawning on her that her life has greater value than that of less attractive girls.
How To Prepare For Competition
OSHA officials reportedly worked closely with Dr. Kent Farnham, an actively lactating ostrich-legged former bioengineer, to develop the new safety guidelines.
Via Onion Sports:
Psychology Today analyzed photos of people hugging their dogs and found that 82 percent of the dogs displayed signs of stress such as slicked-back ears, wide eyes, and a turned-out posture, whereas 10 percent had a neutral response and 8 percent appeared happy with the situation.
By all accounts, Caroline Shelham still possesses the ability to look at herself in the mirror every morning.
"I slept so hard I slept through it and—and—and they had it without me. Without me!"

Via The A.V. Club:
"If you fall off your scooter, then you're out, unless your goalie catches a cube thrown by the other team and tags you back in. And if you shoot a cube into the basketball hoop, you automatically win."

Tips For Adopting A Pet
Via ClickHole:

Via The A.V. Club:
"I shouldn't be denied the same privileges that have been unaccountably granted to young American fuckups for years."
Recently obtained internal documents reveal that ISIS militants currently face a 50 percent pay cut and that several were chastised for obtaining doctors' notes to avoid frontline duty.
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Sports:
"That waterbed made Edna so seasick, I had to get up and make a 1 a.m. trip to get Dramamine."
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
Donald J. Trump on foreign policy: Vows to eschew political correctness when dealing with that raghead King of Ali Baba or whatever
Each unit comes with a speculum-like esophageal dilation device to allow for easy installation and removal of cartridges.
The U.S. hasn't displayed the focus and self-control needed to excel in a classroom setting, leading officials to question whether the country should try a different path.
Study: Americans Get Majority Of Exercise While Drunk
At a teen celebration in Vatican City, Pope Francis implored youths not to be seduced by a material life fixated on the latest technology, explaining that happiness "is not an app you can download on your phones."
"We had better prepare for a future in which our entire dumb sock is sopping wet for the whole day."
"It's like, worry about your own life and let whoever was involved in that bloody shootout worry about theirs, all right?"

Via The A.V. Club:
"Thanks to Woofers, the Tobins need never directly confront any of their longstanding personal and interpersonal issues."
"I'll be there to see him off to heaven when the time comes, and I'll meet him there eventually. But I've got another five years at least."

Tips For Throwing An Anniversary Party
Via The A.V. Club:
Experts say that Facebook notifications, phone calls, text messages, and Evites requesting one's attendance at an organized social gathering can strike anybody without warning.
A recent study found that babies who attended music lessons displayed more brain activity and language capability than those who didn't, suggesting the rhythms of music can aid in the detection of speech patterns.
Via StarWipe:
The office worker is said to have maintained a calm, steady demeanor even as his body was subjected to the harsh forces of piloting his reclining swivel chair over an extension cord.
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Sports:
Here are some of the more notable alterations on the horizon:
"If you got the guts, come along with me, and pretty soon you'll be eating the most authentic nacho fries you've ever tasted in your life."
"I'm not about to roll over now and let some despondent feelings waltz in and take over his emotional state."
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
"It's driving me crazy thinking that he's eating too late in the evening. He's always had a sensitive stomach."
Via ClickHole:
Just when it seems that all hope is gone, you'll discover a deep untapped reservoir of hope deep within you which will soon be gone too.
Sleep experts have found that the reason for the "first-night effect"—the phenomenon of getting a poor night's sleep in a new place—is that one hemisphere of the brain stays active and on guard against unknown predators.
According to new father Jack Crowley, both mother and future mass-murdering tyrant are now resting at home and "doing great."
EPA: "If you absolutely must inhale, do so at once and really make it count."
"We know that it might be sticky. But it could also feel fluffy or creamy."
"Children are bound to replicate this behavior as adults, though some actually start as early as high school."

How Companies Are Going Green
Scott Wesley, 26, was apparently referring to the professionally managed investment fund to which his parents have been the sole contributors since his birth.
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Sports:
John Kasich  and Ted Cruz  have announced they will work together to facilitate each other's victories in the remaining primaries so as to block GOP frontrunner Donald Trump from securing enough delegates for the nomination.
Via StarWipe:
"It's a true ode to female strength, and a stirring call to action to women to rise up together and assert their economic independence."
"I just hope I have time to teach the kid everything he needs to know. I could spend two semesters on locker anxiety alone."
Via Onion Politics:
"Spring's finally here, which means it's time to get back out on the court and expose our feebleness and lack of physical stamina for all to see."
"Paul—man—Paul was one of the greats."
Via ClickHole:
"I thought it was going to come out the bottom."

"It's cool to have a place where I can just be myself, drink a few beers, and play Scattergories with my friends."
A study that swabbed office buildings in major cities found that the bacterial profile of the swabs corresponded to their location, suggesting that cities each have their own "bacterial fingerprint."
"It seems that the only people immune to this are the 7 percent of the population simply too dull and boring to even make fun of."
"It was so crazy how he was killed with that cursed rune or a fire-axe or a similar thing in that vein!"
"These tiny sub-minutiae are so insignificant that they contain almost no information, useless or otherwise."
Via ClickHole
"On top of all that, he spent the last four years in solitary confinement, an environment free of distractions in which he could truly focus on his personal rehabilitation."
Here is a timeline of marijuana's journey from restricted substance to everyday commodity:
"Thank God those assholes just have to sit there and wait to find out what happens next like the rest of us."
"When she turns back around and sees what's happened—that's going to be rough."
"Yup, uh-huh, that's everything. Jesus."
"The plan is to sync up, gather together near the barrels, and then remain there for approximately eight seconds to share input, feedback, and ideas."
"If you're trying to get in touch with me, don't expect a response until the following Monday at the earliest."
TIP: Instead of hiring a DJ, don't.
Via ClickHole
Editorial Cartoon:
"Jeez, I think they might have been able to tell that I had a thorough handle on all parts of my job."
Local marketing associate Danny Baylis reportedly said he would be happy to set up a job interview for Brian DiOrio who as a pledge also went by the name "Trifaggotops."
TIP: Protect your unborn infant by regularly spraying insect repellent into the womb.
"We've tried to contain the damage, but much of the city is in flames, and a marauding faction, which appears to be led by actor Taye Diggs."
If anything, the universe was feeling further removed from the man after he ate two grams of psilocybin mushrooms.
"Oh God, I'm so sorry; it never usually acts like this."
"It wouldn't be any easier for us to deal with splitting up and reentering the dating scene than it would be to organize an entire wedding."
Feelings of bliss begin rising as the timer indicating how soon the button would appear counted down toward zero.
"There's not a single weak spot in the entire guest list."
The Secret Service will look into raising the height of the fence given the increased frequency of such incidents.
"Now all I have to do to is call her and ask, 'Did I leave one of my fingers at your house?'"
"That thing took off like a fucking rocket and sprinted the entire perimeter of the park six times."
Living room sources have reported Rebecca, a friend of Mom's from work, could benefit from a pleasant evening of dinner and company.
Via ClickHole:
"The student handbook makes perfectly clear what we expect of our beefcakes."
Today marks the 46th annual celebration of Earth Day, intended to raise awareness of green initiatives and encourage participation in environmental causes.
Via StarWipe:
The country's bachelors told reporters that though their linens are faded and slightly itchy at times, they are completely fine for sleeping in, and at this point barely even smell.
TIP: Begin with a clear goal in mind, whether that is to lock it up, to dominate, or to just totally crush it.
"Unfortunately, by the time they realized he wasn't just buzzing the crowd for a thrill, it was too late."
Best Ways To Celebrate Earth Day
Via ClickHole:
Brain-Dead Teen, Only Capable Of Rolling Eyes And Texting, To Be Euthanized
"It gets really bad after dark when the art dealers come out and start selling on the street corners."
"I remember most of the characters' breasts, but there are just so many of them."
A bill to classify the Bible as Tennessee's state book was vetoed this week by Governor Bill Haslam on the grounds that it "trivialized the Bible to put it on the same level with the state bird and insect and so many other things we have."
"You never think anything like this will happen to you until it does."
Human resources personnel have not yet ruled out the possibility of a missed birthday.

Tips For Fighting A Speeding Ticket
Via ClickHole:
"For whatever reason I'm just really drawn to men with a certain lean, powerful physique who have already caused me considerable anguish."
Via StarWipe:
Queen Elizabeth II celebrates her 90th birthday today, a milestone the country marked by renaming certain municipalities after her and lighting torches to honor the years of her reign.
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Via Onion Sports:
Here's what you need to know about Britain's longest-reigning monarch, who celebrates her 90th birthday today.

"The public can rest assured that this is a man whose lengthy incarceration gave him ample time to reform his violent tendencies."
Nina Meyer, 24, says exotic dancing is just a "for right now until death sort of thing."
"I know it won't last forever, so I figure I might as well keep dropping my pants to the ground to pee while I still can."
"Basically, all Theresa and I have to do is not be total fuckups and we're golden."
Sources are confirming that this is somehow still an operating business.
Phillip Keller, 27, uses the blank page as a sanctuary in which to freely pour his heart out over the number of sets and reps he performs.
The statue of Ronald McDonald remained steadfast and assured throughout an approximately six-minute onslaught of teenage derision.
Utah Governor Gary Herbert signed a resolution on Tuesday officially categorizing pornography as a public health hazard that carries risks for adolescents.
"I can listen to them all night long from across the street and not get tired of it."
The newest member of the Smith family kitchen sink crew says it is honored to be part of "such a great cleaning program."

Most Popular Podcasts Of 2016
"The asshole doesn't even tell us what point we should cue it up to if we just want to watch the best part."
"I was like, 'Oh man, I have to go to the doctor 400 times and have 26 elective surgeries before this becomes worth it.'"
"From what distant, strange dimension does this traveler hail?"
Hillary Clinton's deafening address reportedly seemed to come from all sides at once.
Via The A.V. Club:
The technical term for a group of cats is "a fair indicator of their owner's eccentricity."
A new research paper reveals that laboratory mice are being kept in conditions that are far too cold, nearly 10 degrees below their preferred temperature, altering their metabolism and skewing the results of scientific research.
Via StarWipe:
The billboard appears to suggest that comedian Jerry Seinfeld is the star of the show, and that the program may focus on his life in some way.
Via Onion Politics:
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Here is a timeline of marijuana's journey from restricted substance to everyday commodity:
Via ClickHole:
"I can't even joke about this. I feel too bad for her."
"Women in the United States will finally be able to carry and use money that's the same sex they are."
Derek Jordan cringed and stared downward at the counter as the cashier continued to list off each of his items one by one.
Jumpers were offered the option of falling onto the hood of a car for an extra $20.
"If all goes well, we'd likely consider returning to the same spot for quick check-in meetings every minute or so."
China's State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television has banned children of celebrities from appearing in reality TV shows, a restriction intended to "let them enjoy the childhood that they are entitled to."
This skilled designer has employed cereal bowls at select intervals to buttress the pile's uppermost layers.
Moms around the country are sharing tips on ingredient-sourcing, dosages, and how to keep inactive viruses from going bad in the fridge.

EPA: "We want to show people how the pluses of not leaving the water running all the time really can outweigh the negatives."
Creationism Vs. Evolution
The number of U.S. teens having oral sex remains high, though the rate is considerably lower when scientific researchers openly observe.
Via ClickHole:
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said his office is now considering removing Andrew Jackson from the $20 bill in favor of a woman, rather than replacing Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill as previously stated, a decision that could be related to the success of the smash-hit musical Hamilton.
"If crucial support is not provided for the tank top's badly overtaxed load-bearing shoulder straps within the next year, it is likely that the straps will suffer complete breakdown."
Via StarWipe:
"The satisfaction of knowing I am a good person, one who is a pillar of fatherhood and civic beneficence, is really all I need."
The Onion offers tips for protecting yourself from the Zika virus:
Via The A.V. Club:
Ted Cruz: "I'm trying to really experience all New York has to offer while I'm here."
Via Onion Sports:
Leah Manning, 36, winced as she remembered looking directly at one of her male coworkers and confidently stating a suggestion.
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Politics:
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Local marketing associate Danny Baylis once forced Brian DiOrio to chug a Solo cup full of his own urine.
Leaders of the low level–celebrity uprising sent the severed hands of Tom Hanks to the Los Angeles Times  along with a list of their demands.
Don't be so sensitive. Sometimes, when people say "big, fat, flaming asshole," they really just mean "fat asshole."
New research has confirmed that bed bugs are becoming increasingly resistant to bug sprays and other insecticides, developing a thicker exoskeleton to protect against extermination.
In fact, records indicate the new father had been happier on several occasions in the past month alone.


"God, I hope he doesn't leave his blinds open like this every day."
Via ClickHole:
"I know what it's like to hear that nagging little voice in the back of your head telling you that you don't belong here." – Hillary Clinton
Tips For Choosing A College
"At this point, I'm almost afraid to say hello to Bob after Sunday services."
Via The A.V. Club:

Via StarWipe:
A 26-year-old man was removed from his Southwest flight after speaking on the phone in Arabic about having dinner with Ban Ki-moon, a conversation that a fellow passenger reported to the authorities.
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Via Onion Politics:
Here are some training tips for marathon hopefuls:
"Making your own lunch each day is a great way to reduce your simple pleasures throughout the week."
Via ClickHole:
Editorial Cartoon:
Researchers noted that feelings of bliss began rising as the timer indicating how soon the button would appear counted down toward zero.
"If you're trying to get in touch with me, don't expect a response until the following Monday at the earliest." – Barack Obama
Japan has commissioned architect Kazuyo Sejima to design an "invisible" commuter train, set to debut in 2018, that uses semi-reflective and semi-transparent materials to blend into its surroundings.
TIP: Even when the two of you don't agree, present a unified front to your children until they figure out which of you is the weak link.

"My selection of a sexual preference was the product of a great deal of self-reflection."
Nick Saccia, 29 instantaneously caved to his acquaintance's slight divergence of opinion.
"What can I say? I certainly didn't plan for this to happen."
"I'll start with the weather, which was cloudy at first but then cleared up—that's a pretty reliable entry point.
Via ClickHole


Your teen will appreciate your honesty and transparency. Let them know you really can't handle another stress like this on top of everything else.

"We really dodged a bullet there."
"He who thinks he can see what the gods have yet to reveal must have his eyesight removed forevermore so that he may never again look upon anything."
"It's over!" the kidnapped child said, his sudden exclamation sending several large rats scurrying from between his feet.
"I cannot tell you what a relief it is to finally get this off my chest."

Via ClickHole:   This Video Zooms In On A Goose To Simulate What It's Like To Have A Goose Charge At You
Thomas Unger enjoyed the lively calls of songbirds for approximately three seconds before the experience buckled under the weight of his sadness.
"There ain't nothing fixin' to go ova by here but the breeze."
"It turns out He and I don't see eye to eye on a lot of things."
"Frankly, I'm at a loss for what he thought he was doing during the communion."
"He probably didn't really care about her at all."
This Week Last Year:
"After all this time, to lay eyes on a pristine, easily electable Republican—it was staggering."
"It's also nice to think that if they actually make it to the general election, that will just speed along the whole process."
The Onion breaks down the best ways to converse with your child about the realities of death:
"He really doesn't know what it's like to go without certain things or use industrial lye soap on your private parts."
Tips For Filing Your Taxes At The Last Minute
"To think I actually thought it was a miracle."
Via ClickHole
"I doubt any VR experience can truly capture the horrifying condition of my body."
Via The A.V. Club
President Obama was reportedly caught trying to scale the North Lawn fence for the third time this year.
"She's going to fucking kill me."
The proactive college senior says he already has an unaffordable place to live after graduation and several useless informational interviews set up at firms that won't hire him.
Via StarWipe
"Oh God, I'm so sorry; it never usually acts like this."
Weekend Magazine:
Via ClickHole
"Top to bottom, it's just loaded."
"As far as I can tell, all the boundaries between myself and this guy remain completely intact."
"What a relief that the earth doesn't have to go on without whatever tigers add to it."
FOR: Animals cannot feel pain or experience fear AGAINST: Animals do not always appreciate that they are part of something bigger than selves
"God, what if I wasted my life having guilt-free, uninhibited, sensually explosive sex with anyone I wanted?"
"While I'm at it, I'll probably feel threatened by her based on nothing at all and then make little passive-aggressive asides about her."

"This is completely new to us, obviously, but that's why we're just testing it out."
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Politics
Bernie Sanders: "Bring a flashlight and come alone."
Via ClickHole
Commonly Overlooked Tax Credits
"I haven't seen Len this happy since he was sleeping with that optometrist a few years ago."
Via StarWipe
The Onion takes a look back at the career of Kobe Bryant.
"I'm sure we can find him! I'll check the Tasman Sea, you look in the Bay of Plenty."

Via The A.V. Club
"I know I should look away, but I just can't help watching him—even after seeing him doze off on the couch for a while with his laptop open on his stomach."
"The other whales are worried sick, obviously, and the porpoises are trying to stay below the surface as long as possible so as not to be seen."
Nearly one in five teens experiences depression, but parents can find it difficult to broach the subject.
Via ClickHole

"I thought she might just sing us 'The Itsy-Bitsy Spider,' but no—she segued right into 'Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.'"
"I've always assumed this was the purpose of zip codes."
"Sure, he ain't worked in six months, but now there's someone around to look after the kids while I'm at work."
A new report out this week from the Pew Research Center found that only three in every 10 million things that happen actually matter.
Coroner Philip Grossman surmised that this grade-A lame-o never had a day of fun in his life given how untarnished and intact his liver and lungs were.

Via Onion Sports
Players on the Lakers admitted to reporters Thursday that they are kind of curious what it must be like to be inspired by Kobe Bryant.
"I honestly wouldn't bat an eye at a stat that said Stephen Curry hasn't missed a three from inside 25 feet since November."
Tips For Overcoming A Panic Attack
Via The A.V. Club

New York police could soon be equipped with "Textalyzers," devices that scan drivers' phones to detect whether they were texting, and thus driving with distraction, in the moments leading up to an auto accident.
Via StarWipe
Need a new online forum in which to loudly voice your worthless opinions? Vote for The Onion to win a Webby here:

He even showed his classmates how to cut out the gall bladder without damaging the liver, a skill which earned many extra credit on the project.

Via ClickHole
TIP: Before you start planting, make sure your local terrain is conducive to growing the kinds of vegetables you can stuff with cheese and deep-fry.

ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson says things "could have gone really bad" for him if people had followed through on their vows to stop climate change.
A representative for the all-knowing deities added that Nate Silver's blinding should serve as a warning to all who might venture to aggregate various polling data.
Join us in worshipping our exalted lord and savior: the bottom line.
Cesar Milan of the popular show Dog Whisperer has been cleared of animal cruelty charges after a recent episode featured an agitated French bulldog biting a pig on the ear and drawing blood, an incident that investigators have concluded was handled with the proper veterinary care.
"This is it—it's not going to get any better. In fact, it's probably just going to be a gradual but steady decline from here on."
The social misfits who chronicle rock seek not only to log facts, but also to influence public opinion about obscure rock issues, something most people care little about.
"This may very well be the only source of pride I get in my old age."

Via The A.V. Club:
"Luckily, my health insurance will cover it—nah, I'm just joshing."
"I'm not sure if having an outgoing personality is really the best fit for her."
Simple Arts And Crafts Projects For Kids
Psychology, the study of the human mind and mental processes, is perfect for students to be peripherally interested in while acclimating to college life.
"Our editorial staff has labored much over this offering, and we present it to you with the utmost respect and deference."
A survey of San Francisco job applicants found that unemployed people who smoke have more difficulty getting hired and that employed smokers earn an average of $5 less per hour than their nonsmoking counterparts.
Via StarWipe:
"Every reasonable alternative has been examined and exhausted; every rational avenue, from acupuncture to chocolate, explored to no avail."
Via ClickHole:
"In most cases, children emerge just as fucked up and traumatized from a grandparent's constant belittlement as compared to that from their own mother or father."
Via The A.V. Club:
"You have no idea how much this streamlines my day."
Many states are pushing for stricter voter identification policies at the polls, while critics argue such requirements are unconstitutional and used as a means of voter suppression.
Via ClickHole:
Thomas Unger, 35, failed to derive even the slightest trace of pleasure from the gentle breeze blowing across his face.
Fly-swattin' local sources done confirmed Tuesday dat nothing doing down Louisiana way.
"Frankly, He's kind of a dick." – Pope Francis
TIP: Caring for a newborn can be highly stressful, but ranting about it online isn't the answer. Instead, vent these frustrations privately by unloading on your spouse.
The presence of Mercury in your sign can only mean one thing: The stars have officially run out of euphemisms for discussing your monthly menstruation.
The giant mass of prose was devoid of so much as a large pulled quote for readers to glance at before moving on.
Walter Markowitz consistently fixates on innocuous faults, but never feels shame about the ease with which he grows angry.

"B3 is an anchor row. It's at eye level and it needs a solid product in there to draw your attention to the C's."
"You just know some charismatic nutjob's planning something totally insane that's gonna be like, 'Whoa. Those people are nuts.' Right?"
How Corporations Avoid Paying Taxes
Via The A.V. Club:
Bruce Springsteen canceled his tour date in North Carolina last night to protest the passage of the Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act, a law that restricts transgender citizens' access to public restrooms.
Via ClickHole:
"Boy, this is really going to take some work; I haven't even seen some of this stuff before."
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
TIP: Ensure your group's safety by making sure any nearby bears sign a non-aggression pact.
Via Onion Sports:
"Sorry, but until you've got your routine locked down, you've got no business headlining Sunday."
Experts say growing up in a household with one or more alcoholics could result in this being broken up into multiple acts with an intermission.
Editorial Cartoon:
"He must have been cheating on her or something."
An amendment that would have required the FAA to maintain a minimum seat size on all airlines for the "safety, health, and comfort" of its passengers was voted against in the Senate 42-54.

Via ClickHole:
TIP: Don't feel tied to the house all day! Suggest outings your baby will enjoy and your single friends will grudgingly tolerate.
"I mean, good Lord, I didn't come to work to see a peep show."
"I really just wish that one day I could know what it's like to have a computer and three or four other electronic devices that I leave plugged in overnight."

Via ClickHole
"How much was it again? $30 million? $40 million? Anyway, I'm glad they reminded me."
"You can also use your car to lightly nudge other intoxicated motorists out of your way and into the padded barriers."
"I wouldn't even know the first thing to say to get people so worked up that they're ready to cold-cock the next immigrant or minority they see." – John Kasich
PRO: Basically no other way to join a cappella group CON: Demand for critical thinking at 40-year low
This massive buffet is believed to be the largest of any leisure cruise service currently in operation, both in terms of length and gross food tonnage.
"It completely tore the rat apart before wolfing the whole mess down—I honestly almost puked."
Obama told the middle class that while some things about their new home might seem weird and different at first, like the metric system, they'll quickly get used to them.
Editorial Cartoon:
Via ClickHole
Nashville, TN will be making a concerted effort to keep their perimeter 435 miles from the nearest ocean.
"This won't last long, I promise. Sorry, sorry."
"Take it from a guy who's been around long enough to know the lay of the land: Slow down and enjoy the journey."
Top Story:
"It's just so sad—you can never get those hours and days back."
God remarked that He has mellowed out quite a bit over the millennia and that it has been a long time since He has sent forth floodwaters to cover the face of the earth.
The musty, degrading pages further cautioned that, without "an immediate and concerted worldwide response," polar ice caps will melt at an accelerating rate.
"An entire week's worth of fundraising fell on him, so, sadly, there was no chance of pulling him out alive."
Q: What is a contested convention? A: A way to ensure the voice of the people is heard and then checked for any obvious mistakes.
The rejection will save the young student a total of nearly $370,000.
"Normally I wouldn't do something like this, but I really need tonight off."
"The factor of age is minimal, as people well into their golden years were more than capable of sexual intercourse with dozens of partners in their mind every single day."
U.S. Surgeon General Recommends Patching Things Up With Father-In-Law http://onion.com/1WiKexW
"She still has every one of Professor Waltham's books all these years later."
Via StarWipe:
Thursday night saw American Idol's series finale, a two-hour send-off to the show's 15-year run that included performances from past winners before crowning Trent Harmon the final champion.
Tips For A Healthy Pregnancy
Numerous guests, as well as the newlyweds themselves, say it was "sweet, but super weird" to see a smiling Pope Francis standing silently in the back of the ceremony.
Via ClickHole:
"It felt like he was speaking directly to my soul." – Reince Priebus, RNC chairman
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Sports:
Via Onion Politics:
The Wall Street Journal recently interviewed The Dog Agency, a talent company that exclusively represents Instagram-famous dogs, often securing five-figure deals for advertisements to be posted through the pets' profiles.
Here are some of the progressive reforms the pope is considering:
Via ClickHole:
Vatican spokesman: "I assure you we are just as prejudiced and backward today as we were yesterday."

"I'm doing my part to make the world a little better, one ream at a time."
Friends and coworkers say Brad Stritch, 38, has redesigned his packaging in recent weeks, ostensibly to increase his desirability among the single, 18-to-30 female demographic.
"That should give us more than enough time to print our boarding passes, check in luggage, and get settled at the gate."
Via The A.V. Club:
The Russian Communist Party has announced they will appeal to Prime Minister Medvedev for a copyright to be placed on their red star symbol in order to protect it from widespread use in branding and advertising.
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Sports:
Blood-Drenched, Berserk CEO Demands More Web Videos
Via StarWipe:
"I'm glad they reminded me. Who knows how long that would have slipped my mind."
"Wow, I'm not sure how I started buying into that load of bullshit about other countries starting to respect the U.S. if I become president." – Donald J. Trump
A four-year degree can open doors to a bright future, though many people don't think it will benefit their career path. Here are some pros and cons of attending college:
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
Tips For Puppy-Proofing Your Home
The staff panel, all of whom are under 30 and have over the course of their employment felt increasingly resentful, reportedly answered a variety of questions about their backgrounds.
"Simply veer into the special lane at the first entry point and careen safely from bumper to bumper until you reach your exit."
Top vanilla producer Madagascar is experiencing a shortage of the plant due to rising global demand for natural flavorings, potentially leading to a spike in ice cream prices this summer.
"The other week, I was this close to picketing in front of an abortion clinic."
"Currently, the entire U.S. populace is thinking about digging into a soft, rich slice of coffee cake—one of those nice and big ones with the crumbles on top."

"If teachers need to write on the board or turn the page of a textbook, they should always use their free hand while keeping the gun at face level of all students."
This unbelievably tragic man also stated that everything he does, from social interactions to visits with his family, essentially serves to continue building his brand.
The 12-day, 11-night Dockside Getaway vacation consists of a buffet in a derelict warehouse situated on a Fort Lauderdale municipal pier.
"We're really talking about Eric here? He seems like such a sweetheart."
Tips For Negotiating Your Salary
"When we began, this looked so promising, I would have bankrolled it myself. Now, after five years, I couldn't tell you if polyphenols even exist."
Paul Moyers, 52, used the phrase "bare bones" several times in reference to what his new computer should be.
Via ClickHole:
The palace of Versailles is outfitting three of its outbuildings with luxury guest rooms, a spa, and a high-end restaurant, though critics decry the project as the commoditization of a national treasure.
Via The A.V. Club:
The band reported a deeper connection with Jesus after being forced to drag its gear through throngs of angry spectators.
Via StarWipe:
Alligators far outperformed their inebriated human counterparts in the following areas: lunging, biting, crushing, dismembering, and swallowing.
"Seriously, if you say a girl's a really good person whose friendship means a lot to you, that's all I need to hear to put the moves on her."
Via ClickHole:
"The worst part is, if you see one of these things out there, you know there are probably hundreds more around somewhere."
You'll know you've bonded when your cat lovingly leaves you the head of one of your enemies on your front doorstep.
Several weeks after meeting Aimee Broussard, Dennis Vukelich began pretending to pursue the 26-year-old blonde.
"There's no need to be nervous; it's a nice place, and I'm sure everyone will be very friendly to you." – Barack Obama
A study on personality and cognition found that introverted people noticed more typos and grammatical errors in someone's writing and consequently assumed more negative opinions about the writer than extroverts did.
There's really nothing you can do about bleach. If they want it, they'll find it.
"Honestly, it would be a huge relief for everyone if he just let it out and threw something at the wall."

How To Register To Vote
"Now that the exquisite, breathtaking majesty of the male orgasm has been immortalized on camera, the world will finally know just what an incredible sight it truly is."
Some have reportedly begun to wonder if the phenomenon of Mitch necessitates a modification of accepted evolutionary theory.
Via ClickHole:
"Lately he's been saying he has to work late on Wednesdays, and he used to only tell me that on Thursdays."
Via The A.V. Club:
A new study looked at the social makeup of ancient societies and found that those with more stratified class systems participated most often in ritual human sacrifice, a practice that maintained an elite wealthy class by killing subordinates to appease the gods.
Via StarWipe:
Though the chemotherapy Rachel Fullerton is undergoing often makes her weak, she said she has strived to maintain her typical routine of rolling her eyes and sighing loudly anytime an adult addresses her.

Via ClickHole:
With experts predicting that the effects of global warming could be catastrophic in the next 50 years, here are some ways that coastal cities are addressing the challenges of rising sea levels.
TIP: Show your buddies you care. Always maintain steady, intimate eye contact while bumping chests.
Deborah Miller, 49, has repeatedly asked her family for forgiveness for her ovaries ceasing to release eggs and her decreased estrogen production.
"Believe you me, pal, when you're pushing the big 2, that kind of stuff is second nature."
Only God can judge you. Unfortunately, He's been appearing to all your friends and telling them what an asshole you are.
San Francisco tech company Nootrobox has developed a product called Go Cubes, a chewable tablet made of cold brew coffee containing 50 milligrams of caffeine.
Here are some of the pros and cons of raising the minimum wage:
Sources say the e-cigarette-smoking man is likely some sort of techno-mercenary sent from the 25th century to capture an escaped digi-convict.

"God, this sucks."
"I haven't been back for long, but it doesn't seem like my timidity and self-doubt have changed even a bit."
Via StarWipe:
Over 11.5 million leaked files dubbed the "Panama Papers" reveal that the world's wealthy elites are hiding money in offshore accounts to evade taxation, a leak that implicates the prime minister of Iceland, the president of Ukraine, and Vladimir Putin, among others.
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Politics:
Via Onion Sports:
According to onlookers, local man Aaron Smith tracked elderly travelers and passengers with disabilities during the pre-boarding process like an apex feline predator.
The Pros And Cons Of Fracking
"I even said she had a great voice—I have no idea where that came from."
Most people will unfortunately spend vastly larger portions of their life sleeping, working, stuck in traffic, and, most disturbingly, listening to Toto's "Rosanna."
Via ClickHole:
"I come in almost every day, bust my hump for like four or five hours, and what do I get? Nothing."
Editorial Cartoon:
Some classmates, including that girl you used to have a crush on when you were 10, will very likely never forget the sight of you crying and babbling incoherently.
"After a while, you realize you just have to let your children live their lives and make their own mistakes." – God

Via The A.V. Club: The Walking Dead gets flat-out manipulative in its season finale.
Though the labeling on cannabis chocolates, gummies, and other edible items is currently inconsistent and unregulated, a new technique provides accurate measurements of the cannabis within these newly legal products.

"I'm not saying it's the best manifesto that's ever been written, but I do think I have reason to be proud."

Via ClickHole
"It wasn't always easy to tunnel through the layers of decayed muscle tissue to reach the sweet, putrefied viscera inside the abdomen, but that struggle prepared me to fight for this country." – Ted Cruz
"It's about protecting values."
Via The A.V. Club:
"When a participant was dunked on following a half-court alley-oop pass, we observed a sharp increase in the expression of suicidal thoughts."
Step 1: Researchers begin by dialing every possible U.S. phone number combination, starting with (111) 111-1111
"I read the words 'North Carolina Passes Law' and my heart just sank."
"If it's some kind of swing dancing thing, we gotta get out of here right now."
"They'll want the big version, and they'll have to buy it, because the big version costs money. It's pretty simple, really."
"If anyone has encountered a non-migratory songbird that matches the one shown in this picture, please contact our organization immediately."
Virtual reality will give students access to a wealth of new interactive visual aids that won't be updated for the next 50 years.
"I can't for the life of me think of what it's called, but I'm telling you, you'd love it."
"I'll keep it on a shelf in the White House basement, so you'll know where your things are if you ever need them again." – Barack Obama
Editorial Cartoon:
Listen twice as much as you talk, and talk twice as much as you wave a gun in the air.
"At this point, the penny is more a nasty green color than copper anyway, and frankly, we have no clue why."
"To be honest, it wasn't even worth craning your neck upward to look at anymore."
"How can they even begin to tell any of us apart?"
"Make sure you're making a blanket statement about the entire female population and not a specific candidate's wife, okay?"
Via ClickHole
"That place must have someone whose entire job is just to come in at the end of the day and refill all the freezers with more Healthy Choices."
Tips For The Perfect Cruise
"Girls who play with this doll can finally imagine what it's like at the very pinnacle of the business, financial, legal, tech, media, political, academic, military, and entertainment sectors."
"It's very possible that future generations might grow up in a world where a comfortable buffer zone between them and others simply doesn't exist."
This endangered subtype of human possesses the unusual abilities to calmly reflect on situations and view the world from others' perspectives.
This Week Last Year:
"Given their lack of teeth or any musculature whatsoever, they're extremely docile and great with children."
"U.S. parents are perfectly fine allowing their young children to approach, hug, and even sit on the lap of literally any individual, provided that person is inside a soft full-body costume."
"I see all. I know all. I judge all. I am God. At the end of the day, that's all that matters."
Tips For Preparing A Living Will
Justice Samuel Alito has also ruled there is no constitutional obligation to ring your doorbell first.
Via StarWipe:
"He loves to roll his sleeves up, get in there, and fuck all sorts of things up."
Via ClickHole:
It's been found that the brains of those who suffer from arachnophobia could be perceiving the spiders as much larger than they actually are.
Via The A.V. Club:
U.S. Disc Jockey General Rich "The Wolf" Haskel recommends a double shot of Page, Plant, Jones, and Bonham every weekday.

Via ClickHole:
The unknown item had neither shattered nor made the sound of splashing liquid that would normally prompt Michael Reeves, 32, to inspect his bedside area.
Via Onion Politics:
High school senior Emily Harrison's rejected college application will save the young student a total of nearly $370,000.
The Oculus Rift, the most advanced virtual reality headset to date, launched this week and costs approximately $1,600 when paired with a capable PC and accompanying games, though all units are currently on back order.
This 10-pound tower of hamburger patties also comes with five pounds of french fries and is now referred to simply as "The Classic."
"God put me on this Earth for a purpose: to attach myself to the parietal lobe of loving husband and father of three Warren Lenders."

Via StarWipe:
Janice Crowley, 37, is reasonably certain she contracted the parasite while on a romantic Caribbean cruise with her husband.
"We consistently found that test subjects exhibited low self-esteem, despair, and lost interest in normal activities after being dunked on with a devastating monster jam."
A small puddle reportedly formed as water trickled off the boy, who occasionally shivered during the brief ride.
What Does College Tuition Pay For?
Via The A.V. Club:
New research in online dating has found that profile pictures in which someone is physically extended, with outstretched limbs and an elongated torso, convey a confidence and dominance that nearly double one's chances of success.
Via ClickHole:


Via StarWipe:
"Oh, Christ, why the hell do they need three microphones?"
"I really wasn't expecting much more than cake, punch, a couple of warm wishes, and maybe a card. Frankly, I was surprised when I found out they'd hired a band."
Via ClickHole:
"Though I would never, ever so much as touch one, I bet the Barrett is probably very fun to shoot."
Experts say the ebb and flow of the seasons creates a corresponding ebb and flow of breast visibility.
"If it is my role to be a mangled corpse stumbled upon by children playing Frisbee, so be it." – Lindsay Hatcher, female jogger
A new U.S. Geological Survey report condemns the oil industry for fracking practices that vastly increase the frequency of earthquakes in states that usually have none, including Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, and Colorado.
"The rest of us would like to have some pro-female policies to undermine, too." – Andrew Lipian, 22
In a frank conversation with reporters, God said it's not hard to see that all 7 billion of His children are "pretty screwed up."

Via The A.V. Club:
"I have no idea what that show was—some sort of timed competition—but they seemed pretty into it."
"All I had to do was take note of what he did and didn't like about me and mold myself into a person who satisfied all his requirements."
Experts say the more time subjects spent working on their feet, the greater the feelings of annoyance, scorn, and simmering contempt directed at them.
Via The A.V. Club:
Hillary Clinton believes that all of her subjects, regardless of sex, should be treated equally.
Via StarWipe:
In advance of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this July, the Secret Service has announced that only law enforcement personnel will be permitted to bring firearms to the event, overriding Ohio's open carry laws.
"If anyone has encountered a non-migratory songbird that matches the one shown in this picture, please contact our organization immediately."
Via ClickHole:
"In retrospect, when I first got on, that was probably my best window of opportunity."
"We're going to make out. We don't care who's watching."
Tips For Practicing Safe Sex
"There is simply no better way to attract and retain customers than giving away a product that is exactly like the one you're trying to sell, only littler."
Via ClickHole:
"I'll keep it on a shelf in the White House basement, so you'll know where your things are if you ever need them again." – Barack Obama
"I can't for the life of me think of what it's called, but I'm telling you, you'd love it."
Here are some potential ways that Oculus Rift and other virtual reality technologies will affect our lives.
There's a time and a place to fight corporate America's tightening vice grip on the media. This is not it.
In unrelated incidents, two Georgia teenagers have been arrested in the past week for threatening Donald Trump on social media, behavior categorized as "terroristic threats and acts."
Everyday Ways To Lower Your Grocery Bill
"You just know somebody was chokin' down some serious primo cheeba-cheeba when they dreamed that up."
BREAKING:

Via ClickHole
Here are a few simple brain-boosting tips that will help you avoid these mental missteps and improve your memory.
The cowering excuse for a man reportedly scampered like a little bitch into an unoccupied conference room.
Via The A.V. Club:
Alaska's Pavlof volcano has erupted for the 40th time in recorded history, spewing ash 20,000 feet in the air, though its location is so remote that the eruption did little to damage any surrounding communities.
Via StarWipe:
Ted Cruz says he learned to appreciate hard work and family while burrowing alongside the hundreds of other members of his brood into the most festering part of the carrion.
Via ClickHole:
"Now every shopkeeper in the state can legally invalidate any customer's same-sex marriage if such a union violates the tenets of their faith."
The app uses advanced GPS technology to display a new, randomly generated five-mile running route near the user's location every day.
"It's actually pretty refreshing to have a candidate who's willing to come right out and disrespect women to our faces."
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Politics:
Working From Home Vs. Working In An Office

"There's only so many different ways you can let a complete stranger know she's not really that cute."
Invest in a scratching post to quell your cat's innate desire to destroy everything you care about.
The debate over capital punishment rages on this week when hundreds of citizens argue over who gets to strap you in.
One day after defending the screening of Andrew Wakefield's controversial anti-vaccination film Vaxxed by saying it would promote conversation, Tribeca Film Festival cofounder Robert De Niro has announced that the film was being pulled from the festival.
A new study has determined conclusively that shedding excess weight has never occurred.
"I dunno, people still walked around and did crap, same as today."

"I would imagine these parents probably aren't capable of taking care of themselves, let alone a 6-month-old."
Via ClickHole
Tips For Surviving Allergy Season
Local man Eric Sackett says he became good at sensing the length of commercial breaks and could typically flip back right before Gladiator resumed.
Via The A.V. Club:

Via ClickHole:
A Connecticut Easter egg hunt became chaotic after parents rushed the field in advance of the official start time, fighting to gather eggs for their children and hurting other children in the process, a scene that one of the organizers compared to "a swarm of locusts."

Via StarWipe:
"Treating women as mere objects is fine, just as long as you make sure you're making a blanket statement about the entire female population."
Via Onion Politics:

Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
Some top faiths have noticed Owen Pritchard's ability to plummet to the very depths of depravity.
Experts say that nations that act out in selfish, self-destructive ways in statehood were usually granted too much independence at an early age.
Via ClickHole:
Editorial Cartoon:
Tips For Maintaining Your Sanity As A Cat Owner
"We're still discussing the feasibility of replacing it with a much sleeker and modernized double rainbow."
'Batman v. Superman': A film that will prove difficult to watch for those who witnessed their parents' messy divorce
"That place must have someone whose entire job is just to come in at the end of the day and refill all the freezers with more Healthy Choices."
McGill University researchers have found that urban bird populations are smarter and have stronger immune systems than birds in the country, scoring higher on cognitive tests and exploiting new resources more than rural birds.

Here are some things that you can do to extend your lifespan:
"Pound-for-pound, I honestly don't think there's a stronger boy on earth."
"I just want to be able to surf around and catch him striking out The Whammer."
Via ClickHole
"I figure there's no sense in quitting since the damage is already done, and it hasn't killed me yet."
"For best results you can try coating the bit in honey to help lubricate its entry into the skull."
Sources confirmed that, after several moments of gaping, a few million Americans opted to cross the street to get a closer look through the chain-link gates at the construction site's entrance.
"You know you can't put this off forever, so just suck it up and plow through this thing as quickly as possible."

"He'll tire himself out in a few hours, right around the time he finishes writing down the lyrics he came up with in this special little notebook he has."
"I'm getting worried about how often I vomit armor-plated slugs."
Researchers warned that since 2010, there has been a startling increase in beyond-the-pines deaths of children under the age of 6, particularly among those who have gone out looking for flowers to make a daisy chain.
This Week's Top Story:

Josh Benton, 36, is now entirely out of credit card debt, has found success in a career he finds personally fulfilling, and in fact makes more money than most of his peers.
Editorial Cartoon:
"We stand with the international community in delivering a message to ISIS that they can go fuck themselves."
"Having no direct contact with the outside world has given me a lot of time to think things over, and I'm feeling a lot better now. A whole lot better!"
The Onion looks at pivotal moments in the tension-filled history of U.S.–Cuba relations.
Think positively! Consider this an opportunity to switch into the very bottom rung of your dream career.
Via ClickHole
"Sometimes there is simply no other option than enclosing blindfolded voters in a confinement box and blaring loud, continuous music at them." – Nate Silver
"Sometimes, I'll find a few $1,000 checks in my pants pockets or in the couch cushions, but finding $20,000 is actually a nice little pick-me-up." – Hillary Clinton
"God, that even-tempered asshole claims it's really reducing his stress, too. Prick."
Remind kids it's okay to notice ethnicity as long as you avoid talking about it until you get in the car.
Melanie Hall, who is a woman, and this weak, neutered man are each paid $55,000 per year for their role.
Tips For Planning A Wedding On A Budget
"Around the 15th time I heard about how great it is to be tied to a chair, I was, like, 'Yeah, I know. The chair. The whip. Being straddled. Got it, thanks.'"
"Look, I get that everyone says this, but I think the two of us might have something special."
Via StarWipe:

Via ClickHole:
"l this work's going to pay off when you're up there on that balcony at St. Peter's." – Pope Francis
The Toy Whiffle makes a great apartment dog as it neither requires nor has the physical ability to exercise.
A charity bookshop in Wales is imploring patrons not to donate Fifty Shades Of Grey after being inundated with hundreds of copies of the erotic novel, which they will ship to a warehouse to be sold online or recycled.
Mattel officials say girls will have fun imagining the new Barbie becoming the managing partner in a law firm or making an unimpeded climb up the corporate ladder.
Personal space has shrunk by more than half since the mid-1900s.
Via ClickHole:
"Generally, most parents simply presume that someone in an Easter Bunny costume must have some level of professional training and can be trusted with their child's safety."
"Now, we can very gradually begin to release this rare breed of rational humans back into the general public. With luck, they can survive and prosper."
Weekend Magazine:
While the digital age allows for the freedom to work from home, many people find the communal environment of an office more productive. The Onion provides a side-by-side comparison of the two options.
Having disappeared in 1921 bound for Pearl Harbor, the U.S.S. Conestoga was confirmed this week to have been found off the California coast, identified by the use of underwater robots.
"Even subjects who jog just five to 10 minutes a day are likely to see an appreciable increase in the amount of time they live with radiating hip pain."
"I think she's planting kale or something."
"Put it out of your mind. This is your time to relax."
"I heard a voice deep within me say, 'This is not what you want your life to be about.'"
Via The A.V. Club:
Most Popular Dietary Supplements
"We're stuck with him. I checked."
Via ClickHole:
In the first recorded instance of one mammalian herbivore killing another, scientists in Colorado have discovered that prairie dogs routinely murder ground squirrels by severing their spinal cord, possibly to compete for limited resources.
Via StarWipe:

From The Archives: After Obama Victory, Shrieking White-Hot Sphere Of Pure Rage Early GOP Front-Runner For 2016
Via The A.V. Club:
Rejoice, dear reader, for you are among the lucky few to be in our corporate partner's target demographic.
"I've tried to cut back a couple of times, but it never lasted too long."
Sudafed says its 18-volt cordless Sinus Drill is capable of providing immediate congestion relief.
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Sports:
The Onion's movie critic Peter K. Rosenthal reviews 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'  in this week's Film Standard.
"Whoa."
Whether you have questions about your cat's unpredictable moods, unpredictable behaviors, or unexpected bouts of tolerance and affection, this guide is here to help.
"Just suck it up and plow through this thing as quickly as possible."
"We're doing this because it's right, not because it's easy."
Fashion designer Giorgio Armani released a statement that his clothing line will no longer use any animal fur in its designs, praising faux fur as a capable substitute.
"I don't know whether she's trying to whip my ass or my elbows."
The exotic-sounding stranger rolled his R's in a manner that strongly suggested he can outperform you sexually.

Sources added that all of this is happening as the plane speeds at 500 miles per hour 40,000 feet above the earth.
Tips For Battling The Flu
Family members tried in vain to avert their eyes from the crackling plate of chicken and vegetables.
Via ClickHole:
The CDC has advised physicians that rather than prescribing opioids for chronic pain, a regimen of meditation and cognitive behavioral therapy could be even more effective.
Via StarWipe:
From The Archives:
Here are some strategies to defeat the Islamic State:
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Politics:
Via our in-house content studio, Onion Labs:
If Daniel Sorenson is feeling particularly energetic, he'll usually start his song off with some fingerpicking that transitions into vigorous strumming during a chorus.
Via ClickHole:
"I thought trying to move up and down in a fixed cycle would help, but it turns out that just makes it worse."
Passing across the threshold of the forest causes more deaths each year than stroke, respiratory disease, and accidents combined, according to the report.
The 2016 primary elections are seeing their second-highest voter turnout in 35 years, double the turnout of 2012 but still slightly trailing 2008 percentages.
"We stand with the international community in delivering a message to ISIS that they can go fuck themselves."

The council of elders have determined that severe reprisals will almost certainly be in order.
"The only bad part is when it wears off."

Local man Robert Moran says his calculations seem to all add up fine.
Via The A.V. Club:
Tips For Selecting A College Major
The Supreme Court refuses to hear a case brought by Nebraska and Oklahoma claiming that Colorado's marijuana legalization has increased the flow of the drug across those states' borders.
Never in a million years did you think you'd be diagnosed with split-personality disorder, which is surprising, as Frank saw it coming a mile away.
Via StarWipe:
The NFL has warned they might not allow Atlanta's Mercedes-Benz Stadium to host any upcoming Super Bowl games if Georgia passes House Bill 757, a proposal to restrict the civil rights of LGBT citizens.
"If they moved me back to gen pop tomorrow, I have to admit there's a little part of me that would miss this place."
Via ClickHole:
"The president determined that the U.S. would terminate all humanitarian aid to Cuba, effective immediately."
Alex Perkins, 36, says the sizable brown stain on his dress shirt is just a minor annoyance not worth getting upset over at the moment.
Sources worldwide say they'll try their best to look at carnage like this and attempt to make some sense of it one last time before they just call it quits.
"I just want him to be completely prepared before getting naked with a girl and humping her until stuff comes out."


"You can tell how much my body's changed."
How To Care For Your Car
Experts say a majority of casual conversations about staff turnover happen against one participant's will.
Via ClickHole:
God reportedly chastised Himself for leaving the safety off and forgetting to keep the muzzle pointed away from Him.
Via The A.V. Club:
"I'm not supposed to feel this gripped with anxiety for another 12 hours or so."
As President Barack Obama  visits Cuba in an effort to restore diplomatic ties with the U.S., The Onion looks at pivotal moments in the tension-filled history of U.S.–Cuba relations.
A new report praises China's efforts to combat deforestation by banning logging in certain areas and cracking down on illegal logging, measures that have led to the regrowth of 61,000 square miles of trees.
The Onion is proud to report that its relationships with its content partners remain purer and more beautiful than anything you could ever experience.
Via ClickHole:
"Mmm, this smells good."
Via StarWipe:
Here are The Onion's tips for dealing with being let go from a job.
Editorial Cartoon:
"It worked out perfectly, just perfectly."
"It's not easy to accurately forecast how a given state or demographic will vote." – Nate Silver
Salmon caught in the Seattle area have been found swimming in waste water containing antidepressants, antibiotics, nicotine, and cocaine, though scientists assert eating the fish won't cause a noticeable drug reaction in humans.

Ian Novak, 38, is luxuriating in one of the few precious days out of the year when he is not completely ignored by coworkers.
"Somehow, the account management team has forged a society all its own."

Barack Obama has instructed staff to interrupt him at any time, day or night, with high-priority Krull developments.
Via StarWipe:
"There's nothing you or any of the other establishment candidates could have done about it. Okay, buddy?"
Via The A.V. Club:
"Trust me, I know exactly where everything is."
Via ClickHole
"There shall be no hearing." – Mitch McConnell
"God, he's still doing it."
"When a new thing isn't like any old things, I don't like it at all."
FOR: Instills a valuable sense of caution around turtles  AGAINST: Can increase violent tendencies depending on how recently game was autosaved
"Everywhere this ad has aired, Cruz's numbers have gone into complete free-fall."
Via ClickHole
"It's time to face the possibility that we may never know what makes these enchanting, mysterious voters tick."
Editorial Cartoon:
Art jail officials said they have installed motion-activated alarms that run through every floor and wall in order to minimize any chance of the imprisoned art getting loose.
Via ClickHole
"Hey, everyone, check this out!" – Bernie Sanders
Ted Cruz  now holds a considerable lead among voters who are currently locked in a months-long dispute over the boundaries of their neighbors' yards.
"Oh, I'm so dumb. Why didn't I just get a half-order of the angel wings?" – The Lord Almighty, Our Heavenly Father
"He takes such miniscule inconveniences and incorporates them in ingenious ways to build an awful fucking attitude."
This Week Last Year:
"Please imagine Smoove putting a finger on your lips to stop your questions and calm your mind. This is done gently and with class."
Top Story:
"Based on the locations and prevalence of burn marks at the site, we can infer that fire was initially utilized by early humans to show off."
Via ClickHole
"I may get good grades, but I'm not into it. It just sort of happened by accident." – Jamie Ganser, 14
Two films are out this weekend that recall the earlier work of Steven Spielberg, but which one comes out on top: Midnight Special Movie or 10 Cloverfield Lane?
"We're hoping everyone will bring their family to the zoo and get batty wit it as well."

The Alabama State Board of Education has voted to retain a disclaimer in their biology textbooks warning students that the theory of evolution is "controversial" and "has not been directly observed."
Adam Blume, 37, permitted nothing, no matter how soul-deadening, to break his will.
Via StarWipe:

"It's just a delightful way to start the day." – Hillary Clinton
Via Onion Sports:
A woman and this emasculated little runt are considered equally valuable to the business in the eyes of their supervisor.
Via ClickHole:
Many have argued that this harsh new attack ad represents politics at its most vile. http://onion.com/22oPwwO
Here are The Onion's tips for discussing the difficult topic of racism with your child.
Weekend Magazine:
"Come on— focus, Jorge. You gotta keep fighting."
Tips For Curing A Hangover
A new study has shown that going "cold turkey" and abstaining from cigarettes immediately had a 25 percent greater chance of long-term success than using aids such as nicotine patches or gum.
Sources say they could hear all of it, down to every last sound.
"There's a real art to not getting a hangover."



The Elephant Drowning show can be viewed every day at SeaWorld at 11 a.m., 1 p.m, and 3 p.m. in Shamu Stadium.
Via ClickHole
Via Onion Sports:
Radar scans indicate that two undiscovered rooms full of artifacts might lie behind "ghost doorways" in the tomb of Egyptian pharaoh King Tutankhamun.
Tips For A Safe Spring Break
Via StarWipe:
"We hope these helpful new alerts will improve our users' experience by prompting them to revisit the site in the event they momentarily turn their focus elsewhere." – Mark Zuckerberg

Via Onion Sports:
"Every St. Patrick's Day, it's the same thing."
Via ClickHole:
Barack Obama has instructed staff to interrupt him at any time, day or night, with high-priority Krull developments.
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Politics:
"Trust me, I know exactly where everything is."
"I can't say this has been the most fun thing for me or my family to read." – Merrick Garland
Irish-Americans Gear Up For 'The Reinforcin' O' The Stereotypes'
A recent neurological paper explained the phenomenon of witzelsucht, or joke addiction, wherein patients who have suffered damage to the frontal lobe of the brain spout an excess of puns and off-color jokes.
"She probably got up at least a half hour before sending this thing."
"Employees who contribute the same level of hard work for the same duties should earn the same meager fraction of a reasonable wage."

Simple Ways To Fight Depression
"When the slightest hurdle presented itself I realized it's just not possible."
Via ClickHole:

Via The A.V. Club:
After a year of rumors, Disney has confirmed that Harrison Ford and Steven Spielberg are teaming up for a fifth installment of the Indiana Jones franchise, due out July 2019.
"Do not attempt to silence the voice of the American people." – Mitch McConnell
Via Onion Politics:
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Sports:
John Kasich: "I've proved that I can win big in areas where I'm the governor, and now it's time to take that approach nationwide."
"The pattern is always the same: After we have illicit, adulterous sex a few times, they start going batshit on me."
Via ClickHole:
"Yes, in the beginning, I was stunned. But now, well, I'm numb to it."
Uncomfortable sources reportedly tried to carry on a normal conversation.
"Yeah, things are fine at work, the usual—but hey, aren't you guys leaving for vacation soon?"
"I especially like the things I've seen a lot of times before."
Via ClickHole:
Testing four voice-activated phone assistants—Siri, Cortana, Google Now, and S Voice—researchers found that most phones failed to recognize phrases like "I was raped" or "I'm having a heart attack" and supply the proper emergency hotlines.
Eileen Lankford, 82, confirmed it was the same hummingbird that had made previous appearances at the feeder, claiming she recognized it by its handsomeness.
"Our tax dollars should be spent preparing our children for the future, not for what has already happened."
"I realized they were just humoring me all along."
Via ClickHole
Via The A.V. Club
Tips For Preparing Your Taxes
"Indeed, backpedaling is among the most common actions that Americans perform on a daily basis."
Via ClickHole:
Keith Richards' longtime housekeeper says she is truly shocked she has not yet checked for a pulse and failed to find one.
Via The A.V. Club:

To protect customers from fraud, Amazon has filed a patent for a payment system that would require users to submit a selfie or short video of themselves to verify purchases rather than typing a password.
Via StarWipe:
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney was reportedly knocked out by a punch to the back of the head.
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
Here are the cases for and against allowing children to play video games:
"It's absolutely revolting, and I can't believe they would run something like that on television."
"This night will start a new chapter in our lovemaking book."
Via Onion Politics:
A study of 700 children has found that those who entered first grade without siblings were more likely to be obese than those who gained a little brother or sister between ages three and four, perhaps because of active play between siblings.
Don't waste time developing a healthy body image, as your body will look a hell of a lot different starting Thursday.
"I called him my buddy. I didn't say 'coworker' or even 'buddy from work.' I said buddy."
"It's nice every now and then to escape from the city, get outside, and take some time to really trash nature."
Hate-filled bigots marched Monday to demand insults for people of all skin tones, regardless of race or nationality.

Via The A.V. Club
"I still feel like I need a little more non-sexual down-time before I can jack off again without damaging my sense of self-worth."
Tips For Taking A Staycation
"We really are all like family here, until such a time, of course, as I meet a new family in a bigger, better city."

Via The A.V. Club:
After the New York Daily News alleged that Richard Simmons was being held hostage in his home by a longtime maid, the 67-year-old fitness guru called in to The Today Show to clarify he has merely made a personal choice to avoid public appearances since 2014.
Via ClickHole:
"These calculations don't even take into account the complimentary knee and elbow pad rentals and half-off glow-in-the-dark jewelry for members."
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
"Hey, everyone, check this out!" – Bernie Sanders
"It is vitally important to get in there each night and just rub those things raw."
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Politics:
"Trump's the only one who tells the truth. He'll turn the country around."

"Ugh, I'm gonna be feeling these suckers for the next couple millennia." – God
"The whole scene still has this super-chill underground vibe."
Editorial Cartoon:
New data shows that teens living near Planned Parenthood clinics are 16 percent less likely to drop out of high school.
"My little pumpkin would practically be helpless without me."
Nathan Brandten's scared and frostbitten ancestors traversed the icy Bering Strait into a bewildering and perilous new world so that his precious genetic material might one day flourish.
According to reports, the advanced device emits piercing tones to indicate a successful arrival in the future.

"I just wish we had caught it before Tuesday, because all of this could have been avoided."
"Each night, I'll bring one special audience member up on stage to debate me over the illegitimacy of unjustified authority. Could it be you?" – Noam Chomsky
Via The A.V. Club
"If you're busy those days, I'm happy to visit later on—maybe the first week of next June?"
Via StarWipe:
Bernie Sanders was said to have regained his vision and hearing just in time to make out the final sentence of Hillary Clinton's response.
"I'm not proud of some of the things I do, but at this point, it's just part of who I am." – Barack Obama
"I'm so excited for the opportunity to finally play in the NFL and show what I can do."
This Week's Top Story:
This Week Last Year:
Focus on your breathing. Remember, the harder you breathe, the harder you will meditate.
"I personally can say that during my time in this city I've never seen anything as deeply unsettling as this."
Editorial Cartoon:

Avoid impulse buying by only going to the grocery store for one ingredient at a time.
Many parents in the U.S. frequently lie awake at night worrying about the unthinkable happening to their son or daughter and causing the public to look upon them as criminally liable.
"Considerable dowry will more than recompense thee for the abundance of meats, puddings, and buttermilk required for her satiety."
Via ClickHole
"Our new Spearmint Big Mac takes the classic, all-American burger customers love and gives it a minty twist."
"I have long dreaded the day when I would finally have to say this goodbye."
"God forbid if the finicky royal majesty's oh-so-precious water source happens to be contaminated with pesticides."
"I'm flattered and everything, but I just don't see anything worthwhile ever happening between us."
"If our members fail to properly memorize and recite the major provisions of the Civil Rights Act while tied together in a dark closet, they will be urinated on."
"Come by the Sacramento Zoo gift shop to visit the expectant mom, or take a stroll over to the nearby churro stand to see the father, Mike."
Researchers added that roughly one-tenth of the entire U.S. economy is dependent on Americans deciding at the last minute to add extra cheese.
Dr. Ben Carson's soft voice reportedly continued to fade toward silence as his diminishing form climbed ever higher into the sky
"I'd like to get a drink of water, but the last time I went out there was awkward enough."
Via ClickHole:
Via StarWipe:
"How many types of salsa do you need, for crying out loud?"
Via The A.V. Club:
A koala at the Los Angeles Zoo was reported missing and later found to have been hunted by P-22, the region's sole mountain lion, in the first instance of a captive animal killed by local wildlife.
American high schoolers are 10 times more likely than their counterparts in Europe to know which commonplace products will get you fucked up without making you puke.

First, ask yourself what your personal goals are when you see a doctor. Do you want to live, or die? Do you want to prevent illnesses, or contract them?
"Just by combining a couple trivial irritations with a few petty nuisances, Mark's able to construct a really shitty mood."
Via ClickHole:
Tips For Troubleshooting Your Computer
"It's a real shame we're going to leave so much great recruitment material on the cutting room floor."
[Warning: Graphic Content]  Hillary Clinton explained her desire for Americans to see her as she is, unmediated by "any veils of pretense, preconception, or concealing cloth."
The discovery supports the hypothesis that setting a grassy plain ablaze to crack up friends was an important part of hominid culture.
Evolutionary experts have emphasized the inaccuracy of the term "Neanderthal" to describe politicians in the media, explaining that Neanderthals were not brutish and stupid but cognitively complex and resourceful.
Gina Tobler maintained a steady stream of disinformation to baffle her friend.
According to sources familiar with the case, what's coming down the pipe is a "no-holds-barred whopper."

Marco Rubio was advised to be concise and direct with his final words of the election cycle.
Donald J. Trump countered his opponents' attacks and roused the audience with a cutting remark about his urgent need for intensive psychotherapy.
Donald J. Trump on gun control: Has bravely come out in support of the Second Amendment despite how many people fantasize about shooting him in the face every day
"The way I see it, she'd earned a little peek into the things I actually think about and feel."

Via ClickHole:
A national survey found that 57.9 percent of Americans' calorie intake comes from "ultra-processed" foods, or items that include artificial flavors, colors, and emulsifiers.
Via StarWipe:
How China Stifles Dissent
Via Onion Politics:
Drone Places Fresh Kill On Steps Of White House
The show's anti-imperialism number is said to include a 30-Serbian-orphan cancan line and over 700 pounds of pyrotechnics.
Via The A.V. Club:
The band estimates the total loss caused by the raccoons to be more than $105.
"If you're busy those days, I'm happy to visit later on—maybe the first week of next June?"
Via ClickHole:
Michelle Guerrero, 45, routinely changes her appearance to simulate a far higher and more robust egg count than her biological age implies.
Here's what to look for this year at SXSW Interactive:
Via Onion Sports:
A recent study found that children were three times more likely than their parents to support rules governing the sort of family photos or updates that are posted to social media.
Here are some tips for staying safe on spring break:
A lifetime's worth of scooting over, sliding over, scooching, and "making a bit more room" would equal the distance from the nation's capital to Orlando, FL.

Via ClickHole:
A deafening blast and blinding flash of white light prevented anything on stage from being seen or heard for the duration of Hillary Clinton's answer.
Bernie Sanders on the environment: Firmly supports construction of the Keystone XL bike lane
Tips For Sticking To Your Diet
"Even when I look away I can still hear the sound of them discussing all sorts of topics with one another."

Via The A.V. Club:
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has revealed Blue Origin, an aerospace company that aims to send rockets into space, potentially with tourists aboard.
Paul Ryan Adds 14-Ounce Training Weights To Speaker's Gavel
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Sports:
"I'm not proud of this, and I've kept it from you for far too long, but I think you deserve to know the truth." – Barack Obama
Via ClickHole:
The Onion breaks down the steps involved in clearing your mind and meditating effectively.
David McCullough  is hoping to turn Frederick Douglass into his own personal cash register.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. There's no reason to panic. I know exactly what I'm doing."
"There's technology out there to simplify the things we do most often, so if I can avoid searching for Kevin Costner news 15 or 20 times a day, then why not sign up?"
"That means it's about me, right? I mean, it has to be."
Many pet owners say that their pets are being held to impossibly high animal-body standards perpetrated by the media.
Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:
A recent study exposed raccoons to recordings of large carnivores and found that it caused them to hunt fewer birds and fish, suggesting that fear has a significant impact on ecosystems and the food chain.
"You guys know if any boxes arrived for a Robert Marley?"
"When I was a young man, there was no uncertainty in the world—dinner was at 5:30 sharp, people who got married stayed that way, and my anus didn't leak."

Careful up-against-wall positioning makes it hard for someone to even see the backpack, let alone suspect it contains valuables.
"Once I was married, my lust became sanctified in my heart and in the eyes of the Lord."
The fearless soul bravely pressed on with several pointless anecdotes.
Via ClickHole:
"I knew it had to be someone I'd met at the big party last month, but who could it be?"

Via The A.V. Club:
Though she was told at 16 she'd never be able to conceive, a 26-year-old woman has undergone the nation's first uterus transplant and hopes to eventually get pregnant and give birth.
Via StarWipe:
The Onion provides tips for everyday ways to reduce food waste, helping both the environment and your budget.
"I bet those who do know me will be shocked at how much taller and more mature I look."
"She is in possession of an exceedingly sturdy frame—sturdy as a plow-beast, forsooth!"
Pros And Cons Of Legalizing Marijuana
Many parents in the U.S. frequently lie awake at night worrying about the unthinkable happening to their son or daughter and causing the public to look upon them as criminally liable.
Via ClickHole:
"Our new Spearmint Big Mac takes the classic, all-American burger customers love and gives it a minty twist."
You will once again lie to your dentist about brushing three times a day, flossing regularly, and not sleeping with his wife at the nearby motel every other Tuesday.
A senior Justice Department official argued this week that children as young as age 3 or 4 facing deportation are capable of representing themselves in court and don't need government-appointed lawyers to assist them.
"We hit the late-night burrito place, flirted with college girls, and weren't humiliated by any of that."
"We can also provide tax-free property and generous relocation packages to anyone who recites the phrase 'regional technology hub.'"
"You can tell by the way he's almost exerting himself that he sort of cares."

Changes To The New SAT Exam
"It's like he's a different Bobo now."
Via The A.V. Club:

Via ClickHole:
The global supply of old single malt Scotch is running low and could remain in shortage for the next 10 to 15 years.
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Sports:
"Covering Peyton Manning has been the greatest privilege of my professional life."
"It's not uncommon these days for men to wait until they're well into middle age before they start to live a secret double life."
The progression is rapid—and alarming—as these photos will demonstrate.
"For fuck's sake, get over yourself."
Via ClickHole:
"I'm flattered and everything, but I just don't see anything worthwhile ever happening between us"
Prominent sociologists say not a single activity performed by Americans is not also accompanied by eating.
Editorial Cartoon:
This spring, Six Flags will roll out North America's first virtual reality roller coasters, in which riders will wear VR headsets that simulate the earth's battle with alien invaders.

The airline's most valued customers should ignore the escape path lighting along the aisle and instead follow the green lighting on the first-class seatbacks.
D.C. lobbyist Jack Weldon hopes to spin the American public as a group worth Congress' time.
Children who complete the meal in the fastest amount time without shifting around in their seat to make their pants fit more comfortably will be eligible for the top medal.

Via ClickHole
"I promise the people of Flint that you'll never have to worry about toxic lead in your drinking water ever again." – Bernie Sanders
Myth: Hillary Clinton placed national security in jeopardy by sending classified emails from her personal email server  Fact: [Redacted]
Via StarWipe:
Myth: Bernie Sanders could never win on a national scale  Fact: The normal bounds of reason and logic do not apply in this election cycle
Witnesses say the monster president ripped the roof off the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, grabbed millions in currency from within, and crammed it down dozens of citizens' throats.
"It's hard to believe there was once a time when I would just think to myself that David was a lazy, selfish asshole, instead of saying it so loud you could hear it throughout the house."
"Oh, man, just think of all the panicked meetings that are happening as we speak."
Top Story:
"Nothing helps me unwind like moving one step closer to a chemical dependency that gets progressively worse until reaching a self-destructive climax sometime around middle age."
"We've seen a number of butterflies, and I looked at a parakeet in a store once, but we don't count that one."
Editorial Cartoon:
"Maybe this will help you make up your mind." – Hillary Clinton
"Ted Cruz has found new life with voters after his team made the shrewd strategic move to enclose the candidate's head inside a 60-pound cylinder of wrought iron."
Via ClickHole
Via Onion Sports:
Top Story:
"Once we get a new candidate on board, Rubio '16 will be perfectly positioned."
"Leah had a bit too much to drink, but Tom was an absolute gentleman the whole night."
"Who does that bitch think she is? I hope she dies."
"When you sink your teeth into one of our veggie burgers, you'll know this is the kind of flavor you can only get from soybeans that have never seen actual sunlight."
"I mentioned a few things going on in my life and hinted that I'm thinking about coming home soon. That should really do the trick."

Pros And Cons Of Natural Childbirth

Via ClickHole:
"Unless we take immediate action, these under-performers will only continue to fall further behind."
Via StarWipe:
The Department of Transportation announced that the rule banning cigarettes, pipes, and tobacco products on commercial flights will now also encompass the use of e-cigarettes.
Via The A.V. Club:
After the offspring is born to the $10.50-per-hour employee, a winning name will be selected and announced on Sacramento Zoo's website.
"I'm sure being a generous lover was also part of your elaborate ruse."
Morton Unveils Individually Wrapped Salt Grains
Via ClickHole:
The average American household spends over $7,200 per year after seeing or smelling something enticing during checkout.
The tiny voice is currently telling the North Korean leader that he is acting like a psychotic person and needs to stop.
"I don't think my profile photo will ever be the same."
Via ClickHole:
Via Onion Politics:
Both Barack and Michelle Obama will be featured as keynote speakers at this year's South by Southwest conference in Austin.
"Clinical studies show that as hair gradually separates from the scalp, men experience intensifying waves of all-consuming pain."
"God, look at this thing. Pitiful." – Donald J. Trump
Though an overwhelming majority of the country fears being ostracized by the popular girls, many admitted they wished they could do something, anything, to be noticed by them.

Marco Rubio's audible dry-heaving likely revealed that he was somewhat nervous about his path to the nomination.
Ted Cruz on women's rights: Has always fought to protect women's purity and inherent delicacy
The wound-up candidates quickly burned off steam by racing around, jumping up and down, and wrestling on the ground with each other in the lot behind Detroit's Fox Theatre.
Unique Date Ideas
Via ClickHole:

Over 6,000 of Bob Dylan's personal documents, including notebooks full of his original song lyrics, have been sold to the University of Tulsa for over $15 million.
Via StarWipe:
Witnesses say the monster president ripped the roof off the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, grabbed millions in currency from within, and crammed it down dozens of citizens' throats.
The Onion separates fact from fiction in voters' beliefs about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton:
Local man Paul Campbell said he wanted to make sure his daughter enjoyed the benefits of a cultural education he never received at her age.
Here is The Onion's guide to avoiding wheat, barley, rye, and other glutinous foods
David Kearney, 36, will suffer severe trauma as his "Stone Cold" Steve Austin shirt and cargo shorts are set ablaze while his horrified family looks on.
Via ClickHole:
From The Archives:
"You can't hide your complete and total lameness from Christ."
"I don't know if we can ever recapture that quiet bitterness of our youth."
A woman at a Maryland airport was ordered to turn over bullet-lined bracelets and platform shoes with stiletto heels shaped like guns due to a TSA rule banning replica guns or ammunition.
Via The A.V. Club:
The early political action committee, named Athenians for a Better City-State, is said to have received millions of drachmas' worth of funding in gold, lambs, dates, loaves of bread, and slaves.
Local graphic designer Dan Perrett reportedly chuckled to himself, confidently and unabashedly.

Via The A.V. Club:
Dr. Seuss' Lesser-Known Titles
Area man Alden Welch's concern reportedly peaked as soon as he determined that the bag didn't emit the characteristic slosh of wonton soup.
The couple has received dozens of congratulations from people who privately doubted the solidity of the relationship.
Via ClickHole:

Via StarWipe:
"Oh, man, just think of all the panicked meetings that are happening as we speak."
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence has released Osama bin Laden's personal documents, including several written letters and his will.
"This presidential bid stops right here, see?"
Via ClickHole:
How To Make Your Cat Love You
The unflushed toilet has dominated office conversation of late, with employees trading anecdotes and details of their own encounters with the toilet, as well as airing their own theories regarding who the guilty party may be.
Via The A.V. Club:

"I'll say it. I like to fuck. I do it a lot. And sometimes it gets me into unfortunate situations."
"We've seen quite a few pictures of birds, but almost never the real thing." – David Yarnold, CEO and president of The National Audubon Society
Via Onion Politics:
Mississippi governor Phil Bryant has submitted a proposal to make April "Confederate Heritage Month" in order to "reflect upon our nation's past" and "gain insight from our mistakes and successes."
Matt Breunich, 33, has used the slipped-disc excuse a number of times estimated by friends to be between one and three zillion.
Fortunately, following the insertion of an experimental norepinephrine implant, the rat no longer requires sleep, making it "ideal" for around-the-clock testing.


Via Onion Politics:
Via ClickHole:

Via StarWipe:
The Onion separates fact from fiction in voters' beliefs about Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders:
"Keep your fucking mouth shut and don't do anything stupid." – Hillary Clinton
"It might be best to forgo filling out this primary ballot altogether and just head straight to the back of the line right now."
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas spoke from the bench for the first time this week since February 2006, asking a question in a case on gun ownership rights.

Via Onion Politics:
Please consider taking a moment to donate a pageview to our needy corporate partner.
Via ClickHole:
Bernie Sanders on foreign policy: Pledges to work closely with Iran to reduce nuclear stockpiles by evenly distributing enriched uranium to families across the region
"The fact that he keeps patting my belly and telling me we've had some great times together certainly isn't encouraging."
"People are finally seeing Ted Cruz in a way that really resonates with them."
Via Onion Politics:
Your hunger for knowledge is second to none. Unfortunately, you tend to regurgitate everything right back up again.
A St. Louis archbishop seeks to cut ties with the Girl Scouts of America and refrain from hosting their meetings in the church, explaining that the group is incompatible with Catholic values.
"An overwhelming majority would opt to stay an extra half hour—even at the end of a long Friday—than share the same personal space with Richard for the 20 seconds it takes to get down to the lobby."
Jessica Dennett's earnest but completely inept attempts to provide support only served to reveal how unqualified she was to address her friend's complex situation.

Tips For Amicably Ending A Relationship
Along with losing a substantial amount of hair over the past eight years, group members have also never received any type of compensation for their performances.
Via ClickHole:
"If you're driving and have a really important text to send, that's okay; just try to keep one eye on the road as best you can."
Via The A.V. Club:

The highest honor of the 88th Academy Awards went to Spotlight, a film based on the true story of Boston reporters who uncover the Catholic Church's systemic child abuse.
Via StarWipe:
Via Onion Politics:
Via Onion Sports:
Via ClickHole:
"I can't even be the first openly gay man to summit mount Everest. Thanks, Cason Crane."
Make your voices heard! Clicking here is a vote for the continued breakdown of journalistic integrity.
"The politicians in Washington lie to our faces. Trump's the only one who tells the truth. He'll turn the country around."
Editorial Cartoon:
Via Onion Politics:
Cleansed, an ongoing play at the National Theatre in London, is causing several audience members to faint in their seats with its vivid depictions of rape, torture, and dismemberment.

Via ClickHole:
"Our results suggest you should face the fact that your sister is almost certainly having sex at least three to four times a week."
Both individuals reportedly spoke in thoughtful tones and used hand gestures that made their laugh-out-loud discussion of genuine understanding between the races even more hysterical.
"The true banquet comes later, when I click through the whole slideshow several times until I've had my fill."

"Now, I can finally go back home to Boone and get back to driving a flatbed truck for a living." – Leonardo DiCaprio
Leonardo DiCaprio Kisses Bear Before Going Up To Receive Oscar


Via StarWipe:
"You'll find all your favorite Mexican dishes on our menu, but with completely unnecessary alterations that no one wants or has ever once asked for."

"I swear, he's got an encyclopedic knowledge of this stuff going back to the 1985 MLB cocaine trials."
Top Story:
"I wouldn't have to work holidays, which is nice. It's actually a really great career."
Editorial Cartoon:
"I'm really starting to wonder, will it ever be me walking down that aisle holding a little satin pillow?"
"We here at WhooshSnaps, along with our affiliates YummzoVids, DealSkunk, and Tizzle-Tazzle, want to assure our users that our number one concern is keeping their personal data safe and secure."
"We would recommend that all people, especially the elderly, infirm, and pregnant women, maintain a safe distance from all Ted Cruz signage."
Via ClickHole
FOR: Gives teachers one goddamn minute of peace and quiet  AGAINST: Mandated prayer creates hostile environment for the hellbound
Area woman Caroline Parrish nestled the rolled mass of spicy steak and beans within the folds of her jacket to ensure it could not be chilled by the wind.
Top Story:
"Our study found that six months after deportation, many of these migrants end up right back inside the wall, often crouching behind the very same fence panels."
Local resident Erin Marshall is doubtlessly unfamiliar with Milla Jovovich's star-making turn as super-powered extraterrestrial humanoid Leeloo, a complex and compelling character.
"It's basically just a chicken sandwich, and you like chicken."
"You see—the thing is, breakfast—there are a number of options."
A Breakdown Of Emergency Room Costs

"I bet my chances are good because this is the most I've ever screamed and cried." – Leonardo DiCaprio
Via The A.V. Club:
When it came time to procreate, the adult male was drawn by some mysterious force back to his hometown.
SeaWorld CEO Joel Manby has admitted that employees of the park were sent undercover to PETA meetings to incite confrontation and illegal action among animal rights activists.
Via StarWipe:
"Nothing bad happened at all. He's a really good guy."
"The kids may groan about it, but if it wasn't for dinner, none of us might be caught up on any shows at all."
Via ClickHole:
Toward the end of the verbal and physical onslaught, Grind.com CEO Jeff Potkul relieved his bowels in the middle of the office floor, rubbed his body in the excrement, and told employees that nobody was leaving until there were 40 more videos online.
"If they haven't acted by this point, I don't see why they'd suddenly start now."
Eighty percent of taste test participants couldn't tell the difference between regular meat and Greenwood Farms products made from disease-ridden, extremely stressed soybeans, a spokesperson said.
"I mentioned a few things going on in my life and hinted that I'm thinking about coming home soon."
A vacant island in Massachusetts will soon be home to a venomous timber rattlesnake colony so their decimated numbers can thrive in isolation, though nearby inhabitants fear that the snakes will swim ashore and infest residents' homes.
Bereaved family members say David Seaborne, 37, was much too young to be taken by a gorilla.
The multitude of Tantric sexual positions, many of them requiring muscular strength and flexibility, have also inspired mind-blowing sensations of inadequacy in the couple.
Doctors say it may be months or even years before Kevin McLean regains any righteousness in his extremities.

John Kasich on the environment: As governor of Ohio, has yet to encounter environment worth preserving
"Come on, ask me a question too." – Dr. Ben Carson
Even Ted Cruz wants to drive a screwdriver through his eyes so he never has to see his stupid, boxy head and waggling, doughy chin ever again.
Dr. Ben Carson on foreign policy: Something that you're, you see, there's, more security, well, here's a plan that, what's interesting, drones
Pros And Cons Of Waiting To Have Children
Via ClickHole:
Kyle Mortensen, 47, would gladly give his life to protect what he says is the Constitution's very clear stance against birth control.
Via The A.V. Club:

A fourth-grade class has learned that the toy sailboat they launched off the South Carolina coast in May 2015 has washed ashore in Wales, where officials plan to relaunch it back toward the U.S.
"Brothers and sisters, I do not speak for indefinite lengths—often for the better part of a morning—of mine own will, but of the Great Babbler's."
Via StarWipe:
"The very moment our trial subjects pulled off the covers and stepped out of bed, things spiraled even further downward for them in roughly 92 percent of all cases."
Via Onion Sports:
Via ClickHole:
"He's a good guy, but it's pretty pathetic that he's still living on the same street he grew up on and experiencing a deep sense of personal satisfaction."
Devastated Family Struggling To Cope After Losing Everything On DVR
Via Onion Politics:
Here are some tips for hosting an unforgettable Oscars watch party:
A report found that the roles for which women win the Best Actress Academy Award most often have the occupation of "wife."
Via Onion Politics
Via ClickHole:
"Let's just put it this way: We've incorporated a very interesting new technique into our training."
"Outkube attracts the broadest possible spectrum of jabbering halfwits—from paranoid reactionaries to know-it-all pricks to racists to plain old dumbfucks."
"I can say with full confidence that we're not taking any bold leaps into a bright future anytime soon."

Tips For Selecting A Church
Via ClickHole
"I'm just so confused. All I know is, I'm definitely not getting any better."
Via ClickHole:
"They kept coming at me all night, sometimes three or four of them at once."
Via StarWipe:
A silicone bracelet is currently in the works with replaceable patches that release caffeine through the wrist and into the bloodstream.
Via The A.V. Club:
Via Onion Sports:
"Just because I have heavily gelled, jet-black, slicked-back hair does not mean I can't lead a normal, productive life."
Via ClickHole:
"I like looking at things on Facebook, but I don't understand a lot. Help, please."
"I mean, what else am I going to do? Don't see why I shouldn't just read these fuckers."
"You should help take care of the dishes, put away your laundry, and keep the plants on the porch watered, okay?"
Via Onion Politics:

"The hours certainly aren't bad, and it pays pretty well, plus I like working with people."
A Beijing study found that the effects of heavily polluted air on the city's rat population included greater risk for diabetes and obesity, suggesting humans are similarly affected by pollution.
Greg Woodry, 34, says he was stunned to realize that he not only identifies with a particular side of a specific issue, but that he could name reasons why he is on that side.
"Why are they dragging their feet on this?"
Leading biologists say the new food chain is anybody's guess, really.

"I didn't think my vote was going to matter too much."
Barack Obama had previously pushed against Brexit.
"The glue is even more brittle than before."
No, it's not paranoia.
"You just have to start with yourself, you can't look at these retouched magazines."
It's about to get crazy out there.
Brexit is already sending tremors around the world.
"People want to see borders."
The Brexit vote "is a victory for Trumpism the world over."
See where people get the most and least sleep.
Was your name a trendsetter?
It's the latest on the secret menu.
It can even throw out the trash.
He said the Brexit vote is a "great thing."
J.K. Rowling: "I don't think I've ever wanted magic more."
David Cameron announced that he will step down.
J.K. Rowling introduces as a new hero.
From Amy Schumer to Barack Obama.
"The reboot deserves better."
The final voter turnout was estimated to be 72% nationwide.
Matthew McConaughey: "I miss Rust Cohle, man."
Always wished you could perform a duet with Whitney Houston or Tupac?
Britain's leading broadcasters all predict a Brexit vote.
"She didn't get defensive about her behavior or make excuses for her actions."
2. Mark Cuban: Learn to manage your credit cards.
Many in the U.K. appear to be panic Googling.
Lindsay Lohan wants you to know the U.K. should remain.
The disclosure makes it unclear what other emails may have been deleted.
Tom Hanks made quite an impact on Allison Williams.
The 5 most interesting moments of the House sit-in. http://ti.me/28SeyjP
Adorable.
Beyoncé would be proud.
A conflict that began in 1964 and killed 220,000 may finally be over
Taylor Swift could be the next Nancy Drew.
Watch live from London as Nigel Farage speaks about the Brexit at a Leave EU party
Channing Tatum: "I think it's a horrible idea to let someone off because possibly of what they are going to be capable of doing."
Never second-guess a text again.
Tyra Banks had some things to say about whether Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid are supermodels.
"I wanted to do something to keep gun violence in the forefront of not only the American people but, more specifically, members of Congress."
"Supporting other women helps each other, helps women as a group, and also helps the woman that does it."
Blake Lively also said her 18-month-old daughter, James, is ready to babysit.
Good news for Adele fans.
Some fans are hoping it will feature footage of Taylor Swift.
Turns out he won't be the only bad guy on the scene.
Ben Affleck doesn't hold back.
Inside the next big battle against ISIS. http://ti.me/28Ol7jc
This particular case is a nail-biter for a few reasons.
Complete with robot dance moves, a wedding—and lots of food.
The fashion icon is no stranger to wardrobe recycling.
This new tool has the potential to change human lives forever.
Jewel: "I'm calling out the backstabbers and gossips who turn on their sisters."
Elizabeth Banks: "Tobey [Maguire] and I are basically the same age."
If you don't break a sweat, is it still a good workout?
"When Clinton is tough, a characteristic many see as unfeminine, it doesn't feel right, so she must not be authentic."
"One of the most successful ways to raise drug awareness is to show substances' harrowing impact on a user's face over time."
TIME's new cover: The Gene Machine. What the CRISPR experiments mean for humanity http://ti.me/28U3Uag
Most people don't know there is a simple trick to get a cheaper flight.
She's even quoted Taylor Swift.
2. Sticky eyes.
5. Almonds.
She inspired a whole group of strangers to join in.
Who do you think is most influential?
Should the U.K. stay or should it go?
"The Taliban are killing our children, and our government is giving money to their sympathizers."
7. They're afraid to spend.
He can hardly contain his excitement.
When will the next big earthquake be?
Don't try this at home.
Inspiring.
Get it while you can.
"The whole 'chick-flick' idea is an excuse for guys not to have to see something."
"Once I reached my 40th birthday, I decided I didn't really care about cool or uncool anymore, so I bought a board."
Game of Thrones could stand to lose out.
Are you getting enough of this nutrient in your diet?
Looking to phase out a relationship? Ghostbot is here to help.
"Don't just listen; emulate."
Bethenny Frankel spoke out about her own miscarriage and struggle with the ailment.
See you on the other side.
"We need to change the law to protect the next Emily Doe from the next Brock Turner."
Justin Bieber gave four lucky kids the thrill of a lifetime.
Fed-up Cristiano Ronaldo tosses a reporter's microphone into a lake. http://ti.me/28NUWfw
Get excited, Star Wars fans.
Beyoncé is making waves in Hawaii.
Martha Stewart threw some serious shade at Kim Kardashian West's best friend.
Kendall Jenner as you've never seen her before.
Officials are "confident" they captured the alligator that attacked 2-year-old Lane Graves
"You're in the great game now, and the great game is terrifying."
"Snow White, Cinderella and other Disney Princesses have some explaining to do."
Will Smith: "I found myself promoting something because I wanted to win versus promoting something because I believed in it."
You might want to start cleaning the dishes.
Barack Obama: "For a baseball player, you were old, man. Let's face it. I mean, come on, man. We saw you trying to run around those bases."
But Jenna Dewan Tatum understands why fans lust after her husband.
"If Rihanna is crying I'm crying you're crying everybody is crying."
Beyoncé fans rejoice.
Oops.
It just got easier to fly drones for money. http://ti.me/28O1RS9
The Empire strikes...again.
"The only way to defeat ISIS is to retake lost territory."
Will Melisandre be punished?
"People, journalists, publishers will have different opinions about whether they would have published the eight seconds of grainy sex that was the illustration of the article."
"I exploited that to its fullest."
It's a lot more than you think.
There are some improvements—but they're not exactly brag-worthy.
Blake Lively: "It's nice to have a nice curve and not look like you're starving to death."
"I am a flawed human being who makes mistakes and am filled with shame over this incident."
She was so happy that she teared up.
It tops a survey of 209 cities.
"We didn't have anything on the plane to help him."
Anton Yelchin's body was found crushed by his SUV.
Adorable.
"Technology has made us able to do more while understanding less about what we are doing."
Derek Jeter retired at the ripe old age of 40.
She sent out tweets to all who wished her well on her 90th birthday.
She had been robbed— of cheese.
Models at Milan Men's Fashion Week had "spotty, blemished and inflamed skin."
Elon Musk is at it again.
It's North Korea's fifth flop since April.
She was trapped inside for 45 minutes.
Stunning.
"We advised the individual they just needed to speak with the manager of the company and not the police."
TIME interviews Jeffery Wasserstrom, Chinese history professor at UC Irvine.
How the world celebrated the International Day of Yoga. http://ti.me/28OQkF2
"This outfit is a fraud—it is a deception."
"It's easy to pile on calories by asking for a little more of this, then a refill of that—without realizing that the calories surpass those in McDonald's meals."
Serena Williams: "For most of my career, I've been real quiet, and secretive about what I do."
From Lorde to Daisy Ridley.
Kelly Clarkson has a big announcement to come.
The 18-year-old was allegedly on his way to "ISIS-controlled territory."
Hillary Clinton has raised much more money than Donald J. Trump.  http://ti.me/28L8eF0
This is not a drill.
When life gives Beyoncé lemons, she crowns herself with them.
From Kim Kardashian West's nude selfie, to that celebrity-packed Oscars photo with Ellen DeGeneres.
Laverne Cox: "Hairography is what you do."
Salman Khan: "When I used to walk out of the ring, it was actually like a raped woman walking out."
"A big battle like that is no place for a direwolf."
Michelle Obama has already used Snapchat to tease her upcoming 'Carpool Karaoke' ride.
Christina Grimmie was a Zelda superfan.
Priyanka Chopra does not shy away from a pun.
Feeling hungry?
"When the news is about a brand new little baby, maybe we can forget the price points altogether."
"To this day I can't even relate to that level of confidence."
"We will prevail by living our truth and sharing our love—not simply despite the hatred, but because of it."
"Very glad people can differentiate me from the character."
"How 'The Apprentice' shaped Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign." http://ti.me/28NEVFo
Demi Lovato called Mariah Carey's behavior towards Jennifer Lopez "nasty."
Blake Lively might be a bigger Harry Potter fan than you.
Take this quiz to find out.
The list includes Bob Dylan, The Cure and Gwen Stefani.
"You don't need more info. You need the right info."
Selena Gomez: "It will be fine…it will be fast."
Blake Lively: "You can go on our website and we will give you some of our children."
Devoted hot yogis swear by it—but are the benefits all they're cracked up to be?
He will begin serving a sentence for sexually abusing at least four boys.
"Are you smart?"
It's a pretty magical clip.
The mom and her son were dancing when she was fatally shot in Orlando.
"Finding quiet time is about happiness as well as productivity."
Drivers were warned of a defect in the model.
"It was absolutely horrific."
He wants to develop a "household robot."
India is leading the celebrations.
They will begin phase one with 40 healthy adults.
It was something her mother taught her to embrace early on.
Millennials are still burdened with student loans.
From Toy Story to Finding Dory.
The oceans are in danger.
From Drake's "One Dance" to Justin Timberlake's "Can't Stop The Feeling."
Just one more reason to see Finding Dory.
Eerie.
"I don't think people understand how shy and reclusive and how afraid Andrea is, especially since all this publicity descended on her. She is truly afraid."
Watch this man's tactic.
Sex and the City fans, you'll want to hear this.
Her lawyer said it would help her get a job.
Selma Blair reportedly had an "outburst" onboard the flight.
He tried to seize a police officer's gun.
Like mother, like son and daughter.
Which smartphone is right for you?
The Senate could not pass four different proposals to curb gun violence
Why the summer solstice may be the happiest day of the year. http://ti.me/28JCyWb
"You protect your kids as best as you can. How do you defend against everything?"
Find out if you have what it takes.
"Republicans should be embarrassed, but they're not"
"If the girl power moments felt contrived, they were. If the failings of the men blinded by their own pride—the slavers, Theon, Jon and Ramsay—felt obvious, they were."
From Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice to Dirty Grandpa.
"This is what the audience has been waiting to see."
Good news for Taylor Swift.
Cue the memes.
It was based off of a real-life Roman war.
Donald Trump fires campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. http://ti.me/28Jfy3E
"I'm part of you now."
"Neither a person nor a photograph should be taken at face value."
"I had to buy him a pint after that one."
After five long years of torment, Sansa Stark has finally come into her own.
In calls to police, the shooter was described as "calm" and "deliberate."
Madeleine K. Albright: "The people Donald J. Trump is holding responsible share more in common with the victims of this attack than with the perpetrator."
Amber Rose: "With Taylor Swift it's, you know what, I'm done with Calvin Harris and it didn't work out, so on to the next."
It has to do with the way you pay.
Iggy Azalea: "Futures can be rewritten and as of today mine is a blank page."
3. You're not learning.
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 9th episode of season 6
"People tend to feel better in summer months."
Ode to Joy never sounded so unhappy.
Game of Thrones fans knew it was coming.
Answer this one question to see.
Extra bouncy.
Great advice for recent college grads.
Because red wine is so passé.
It's the second-largest June opening of all time.
You're not going to want fries with this.
They agreed to open a dialogue among Muslims on the island.
Amazing.
The victims are usually hacked to death in broad daylight.
The 27-year-old was killed in a fatal traffic collision.
Adorable.
"Since we've started this training, I'd say the incidence of trafficking has dropped dramatically."
"Modern-day slavery comes in many different shapes and forms."
These moves are safer for your lower back.
What's the secret to living to 100?
Where will you go?
Taylor Swift shared a touching note on Instagram.
Ramsay Bolton pulled off a shocker.
Chelsea Clinton said she and her husband were "overwhelmed with gratitude and love."
Game of Thrones just got better.
From Gisele Bündchen to Michelle Obama .
Their ages ranged between six months to 18 years old.
Remember that time she broke the Internet?
Try this tactic.
Watch this dad discover the wonders of virtual reality.
Awe-inspiring.
Feeling hungry?
3. Prep your intro lines.
Sometimes the landlord/tenant relationship can be a difficult one. But it doesn't have to be that way.
Don't let your Facebook posts cost you a job.
It's called "broken heart syndrome."
But Tesla doesn't recommend it
"I am such a happy Chewbacca"
Its origin is surprising.
These are the foods you should be eating now.
Yelchin played Chekov in the new "Star Trek" films
And 90% lose their wealth by the third.
It's all but impossible for Sanders to win the Democratic nomination
Going for a run?
"I think profiling is something that we're going to have to start thinking about as a country," Trump said
Itching for a career change?
Fathers can get a little bit smarter about the minds of their daughters
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
Trump has come under fire from many in his own party
Where does the word 'dad' come from?
1. Eat right away.
These schools have the highest returns on investment.
5. Don't hold financial leverage over your daughter's head.
The best cities for your well-being.
"In climbing, gender really doesn't matter."
Move over, sports drinks.
1. Say their name…a lot.
So much for empty nests.
Bring a collapsible laundry bag with you.
Seinfeld fans: Have you tuned in?
"Moi is now and has always been an ardent feminist and champion of women's rights."
This robot can slice us all to bits.
Protest concert by Cantonese pop star and democracy advocate Denise Ho
"It was not just a hobby, it was an act of survival."
So brave.
Are you really smarter than a fifth grader?
Swanluv reviews candidates' relationships and sets an interest rate based on their compatibility.
6. Tap the camera app's hidden features.
Whoa.
3. Learn a foreign language.
A peek into kitchens from Norway to Kuwait.
"Love is always in fashion."
"Starting young made me fearless. You don't know how many ways in which you can fail."
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
2. The dumb jock is a myth.
A bucket list for book lovers.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
Forgiving other people is good for your health. http://ti.me/21oVAk1
Add these to your not-to-do list.
An ex emails you to ask if you want to get dinner on Tuesday. Is it a date?
Punching things does make them feel better.
3. Sell a product on Amazon.
If you're looking for love, think about where you're spending your time.
1. Dark chocolate.
It could be used to deny Trump the nomination
"I beat the hell out of them"
Looking for love in the wrong places?
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
Celebrate Worldwide Knitting In Public Day in Bryant Park
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
"It's really a physical thing, you need to be there, walking it, on the streets, here"
Are you making this mistake?
Putin said his previous comments on Trump were misinterpreted
Is it better to go cold turkey?
He called nightclub patrons "3rd world miscreants and ghetto thugs"
2. Label negative feelings.
"The Republican rules aren't a suicide pact"
Fans are spellbound by Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. http://ti.me/1UaR5aG
Hint: It's not the U.S.
You may want to rethink scheduling that 5 p.m. happy hour.
"Junk should not be a food group."
5. Contract negotiation.
6. They teach their kids math early on.
"I see these people all the time. On the outside they look incredibly healthy, but on the inside they're a wreck."
3. Know what drains you and what sustains you.
Humor is attractive to men and women—but not in the same way.
Their reactions are priceless.
Witness an epic proposal one year in the making.
Is your favorite band on this list?
1. Straight men think women have an expiration date.
How do you deal with out of control kids?
Feeling stuck?
Road trip, anyone?
Never be at a loss for words again.
An outfit says a thousand words.
What you need to know about whether it's right for you.
These animals receive more pampering than most people.
Here's how to do it.
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
This is Amazon's secret weapon.
Skipping the weight room.
The secret to financial freedom.
1. Listen to music from the happiest time in your life.
"Why are you making jeans that are unrealistically small?"
3. Superfoodify your smoothie.
Incredible.
"We barely got a chance to congratulate each other on the magical feat we'd accomplished with making this child."
"Why would you put a child underneath so much water at once?"
"We fell instantly and ferociously in love. At first blush, little about the situation was ideal."
Donald J. Trump has said in the past that he would like Oprah Winfrey to be his running mate.
"But why did people expect Ayesha to apologize for her tweet, and not expect her husband to apologize for hurling his mouthguard?"
Would you take a nap at work?
Leonardo DiCaprio will testify in 'Wolf of Wall Street' lawsuit http://ti.me/1XZwt9Z
"The hardest decision of my life."
"On TV we just need to build a tiny part of the wall, and then we'll just CGI the rest."
A look at all of the insane things that have happened in Game of Thrones' 9th episodes.
Dwayne The Rock Johnson last ate a Twizzler in 1989.
A former Nazi guard has been sentenced to five years in jail for his involvement in 170,000 deaths at Auschwitz. http://ti.me/1UE3ZeE
Nude women will hold mirrors facing the site of the Republican National Convention.
She also shared her nicknames for her children.
Ouch.
Cue the 'Hotline Bling' comparisons.
This kid got an exclusive interview with Kanye West—for 9 seconds.
"For years my three kids were just faces on the other side of the glass or voices over the phone."
"1 in 5 hiring managers say they have asked a question in a job interview only to find out later that it was a violation of federal labor laws to ask it."
She later deleted the tweet and apologized.
Ever feel like you're just not getting enough done?
Weird.
One man says he was told the alligators were "harmless."
Great news.
Prince William doesn't always get the royal treatment.
He fatally stabbed himself in the neck.
Amazing.
Dad's often don't take much time off.
IQ is overrated.
8. Your role changes.
It's good for your brain.
90% of millennials say they use coupons.
4 cues give it away.
It goes back to ancient times.
It goes back to ancient times.
How does your state compare?
"It's safe to say that if you work a corporate job with a corporate email account, your messages are likely being monitored."
How would you spend the $1,500 to $2,000-worth of giveaway money?
Try adding these habits to your daily routine.
Change the way you use Facebook.
McCain says Obama has allowed the growth of ISIS.
Everyone's favorite Oscar winner is now a businessman.
The AR-15 has become the centerpiece of the gun control debate.
The shooter searched Facebook while he held hostages for hours.
Gwyneth Paltrow : It "floats above the cobblestone streets like a pale, dreamy cloud."
Bernie Sanders isn't giving up.
Could you be more forgiving?
"She was young, courageous, and hardworking. A rising star, mother, and wife"
"Apologies in advance if I don't ask what you did on Saturday. Really, it's not that I don't care. I just don't think that's what we came here for."
Park officials busted him walking off the designated boardwalk at the Mammoth Hot Springs
Nearly 12,000 pregnant women in Colombia have Zika. http://ti.me/1Yvjyuz
Graves was playing in shallow water at Disney World when he was grabbed by an alligator
"She thought that by being polite and using her manners, the search would be quicker."
"Now I understand why some people hate me!"
Kim Kardashian West said she had an idea about Caitlyn Jenner early on.
Does he still believe Daenerys is the best ruler for the seven kingdoms?
The Vogue editor drops the mic.
"We never thought that would be the turning point."
"I thought, 'I'm gonna try and do a little baby CPR real quick, see if I can get some air in this kid.'"
The assailant is reported to have shouted "Britain first" during the attack.
From his tumultuous childhood, to performances at sold-out stadiums.
Anne Hathaway has joined the ranks of Angelina Jolie and Emma Watson.
Kim Kardashian West: "I don't know why she just, you know, flipped all of a sudden."
Chelsea Handler: "I don't have a lot of guilt, no. I've always been this way. I'm missing a chip."
GOP agrees to vote on gun control following a 15-hour Senate filibuster by Democrats. http://ti.me/1ZU45Dh
Ouch.
Kevin Hart: "James Corden thinks I look like a kid. Well, I might be small, but my bank account's big."
Tired of those expensive cell phone bills?
"You can't accomplish anything alone."
There have been at least 82 shootings since 1982.
4. Set and affirm your goals for the day.
Have you tried Vegemite?
Hubble still has close to a decade of life left to it.
6. Label your emotions.
TIME's new cover: Orlando, June 12, 2016. Why did they die? http://ti.me/1Xrd1So
It only takes 30 minutes.
The one word you should stop using immediately.
The textbooks describe homosexuality as a "psychological disorder."
No more deleting selfies to make room in the camera roll.
Wild.
"Credit or debit?"
They're asking for a ransom of almost $13 million.
"2016 will be a year they never forget."
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
"How do I deal with a coworker who is overly attached to me?"
Satellite images show the glaciers' retreat from 1984 to 2015.
Sometimes a glance can tell you how smart someone is.
Making a great cup of coffee is less about what you put into it once it's brewed.
She's too cool for the pool.
The toddler's body was found not far from where he was playing.
"Just another day on the job in Florida, which has recently given us a slew of alligator sightings."
Look's like Trump's a fan of fast food.
There's even a full-time staff observing the waters.
Powerful.
He might think twice the next time he drinks and tips.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: "White faces waving guns is just part of our cultural heritage; brown faces waving guns is an international conspiracy."
Very hot drinks are a "probable" cancer trigger, according to the WHO. http://ti.me/1PujFQf
His initially wary classmates started calling him "father."
The long-awaited showdown for Winterfell is said to be the "biggest" action sequence in the HBO drama's history
"You have treated me with the kindness, dignity, and respect — the love — that I very often did not deserve."
Ahh, modern love
Feast your eyes, Game of Thrones fans.
It's possible that the gig economy could give more power to workers, TIME's Rana Foroohar writes
The Sheriff said the boy's body was found "completely intact."
Nick Jonas: "I work with people who are creative, and if photo shoots are sexual in some way or have a sexy edge, it's just fun to get in a room and create."
The key to Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds' romance.
"No one should be bullied for their sexuality or any other reason."
It's not what you think.
Seth Meyers said Donald J. Trump has hit a "new low."
There's a reason why feeding alligators is illegal in the state of Florida.
"Keep the high quality comments coming in please."
Justin Bieber called the site "untruthful and hurtful."
What do you think of Kanye's new track?
"Every guest he came across, he created a magic for them that can never be compared to anything in this world."
Ouch.
The pilot heard "meows" coming from inside his BMW.
"Woo! Ha ha! I see patterns where none exist!"
An estimated 10 million dogs are eaten across China each year.
Is it a good idea to hit the gym after happy hour?
A former FBI deputy director says the investigative guidelines are too "restrictive."
3. They are never wrong.
"It appears she had some knowledge of what was going on."
Here's what science says is most important.
Legendary.
From bigger emojis to invisible ink.
It's almost always some version of "I'm not telling you."
"They gave us to them."
10. The race is long and with yourself.
Always tired? This could be why.
The southern Indian state is on "high alert."
The child is still missing.
Grab a scent and smell like your favorite Star Wars character.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
Feeling hungry?
The robot has been described as "kindly, endearing and surprising."
Adorable.
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
1. Own your story. There's power in embracing your vulnerabilities and pain.
The bee will be dubbed "Beeyoncé."
But only for older adults.
"You have nothing to lose and everything to gain."
It "gives people reasons or the 'whys' of engaging in healthy behaviors."
Almost half of the victims were from Puerto Rico.
"Donald J. Trump really knows nothing about how the world works or how international security is maintained."
"We lack confidence that Judge Persky can fairly participate in this upcoming hearing."
"A reckoning will come, we need the North to face it."
Officials are also investigating if his wife knew of the shooting beforehand
Zayn also admitted he "blushed a bit" when he found out Taylor Swift was a fan.
Omar Mateen was transferred out of the courthouse because of the comments
See the devastating toll of mass shootings in the U.S. since 1982.
The same poll found 55% of those surveyed said they could never vote for Trump
John Green: "I don't know what to say; I don't know if I have anything constructive to say."
"I saw it coming. I mean everything. He told me he was going to do it. Besides the date and the location, he said he was going to kill a whole bunch of people," a former co-worker said.
They suffered through mass shootings. Here are their messages for the Orlando victims and their families. http://ti.me/1U7aDL1
Khloé Kardashian: "My family didn't know what I was going through. It was the biggest secret I've kept. I just needed a place to go."
Puppy love at its finest.
Are your kids getting enough shut-eye?
"Not as easy as it looks to sword twiddle after all."
"I'm just laying down, I'm thinking, 'I'm dead.'"
"One of the traditional responsibilities of the late-night broadcaster is to respond to tragedy—not to mitigate the pain."
"She don't speak...But she remembers."
There were fireworks.
The species was last seen in 2009.
Good news for Kanye fans.
Lady Gaga: "I will not allow my anger and outrage over this attack to overshadow our need to honor those who are grieving."
Justin Bieber: "Grimmie, can you hear me?"
What to know about the gun used in the Orlando shooting. http://ti.me/1U6P79h
He says medical staff lashed him to a bed and force-fed him drugs.
Can't seem to ditch the pizza and hit the gym?
5. Don't get into bed until right before it's time to sleep.
"These are weapons of war and they have no place in civilian life."
"They are more than a list of names."
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will meet face-to-face for the first time in months.
"When you don't have data about a community, at times it can seem like the community doesn't exist."
"I watch porn because I'm a virgin and I want to figure out how sex works."
Artificial sweeteners may be too good to be true.
Which books pique your interest?
Get ready, Star Wars fans.
Still drinking skim milk?
From transcribing voicemails to a more useful Siri.
Don't say you weren't warned.
It's definitely not Batman.
What did Qyburn hear from his Little Birds?
Shocking.
Are you an "extreme user" or a "frequent upgrader?"
"Who needs an app to remind us to inhale oxygen?"
Lil Wayne has previously suffered "a bunch of seizures."
He bought both weapons legally and passed a thorough background check.
"Because we deserve respect."
"Tonight we remain a city in pain."
Trump again called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the U.S.
"To LGBT New Yorkers, we stand with you and we will protect you."
The woman in the snapchat was one of the 49 victims killed.
Turner was sentenced to six months in jail for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
Bad news for Game of Thrones fans.
The officers helped take down Omar Mateen, the Orlando nightclub shooter
Barack Obama found himself in an uncomfortably familiar position after the Orlando shooting.
The tower was lit up alternately in rainbow and in red, white and blue
"There is a fear of Hillary Clinton you know? I think some of it has to do with Hillary being such a strong candidate and being a woman."
"Sometimes he would go over in the corner and sit and drink by himself, and other times he would get so drunk he was loud and belligerent"
"You cannot take away our love. It is more powerful than anything else that exists in the world."
49 people were killed in the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.
"If it's not a funeral, they were going to have a wedding together."
"I am sorry that our tragedy here in Sandy Hook wasn't enough to save your loved ones."
"We could not be silenced then, and we will not be silenced now."
The U.S. has more guns than all 23 countries that rank behind it.
Sorry Game of Thrones fans.
Adam Levine was Christina Grimmie's coach on The Voice.
"If you listen to the rhetoric of this election cycle, you are made painfully aware that everything is going to hell in a hand basket."
The world pays tribute to the victims of the Orlando shooting. http://ti.me/1OlE52M
It's the most popular assault weapon in the country—and it's been used in previous mass shootings.
Donald J. Trump: "There's something going on. It's inconceivable."
Adele: "The LGBTQA community, they're like my soulmates since I was really young."
Barack Obama: "This an example of the kind of homegrown extremism that all of us have been so concerned about."
John Oliver: "I will happily embrace a Latin night at a gay club in the theme park capital of the world as the ultimate symbol of what is truly wonderful about America."
Authorities described the shooter as "cool and calm."
"I'm completely against what he did."
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 8th episode of season 6
The tragedy at Pulse nightclub is page one news across the globe.
Caitlyn Jenner said she was "shocked and heartbroken."
J.K. Rowling : "I can't stop crying."
"We have emails pending publication."
No more bad moods.
Don't feel bad about spending time on the couch.
Are you part of the one-third?
"I learned about it almost by accident."
43% of employed adults don't get the recommended amount of exercise.
A sweeping crackdown against Islamic extremists.
9. Perpetuating "low-taste or superstitious" ideas.
"Freedom yes, but can there be coercion?"
The results might surprise you.
"Exercise must come first, or it's unlikely to happen at all."
They could disappear in as little as a few decades.
The rainbow colored spire symbolizes the LGBTQ community targeted in the attack.
Lin-Manuel Miranda : "We live through times when hate and fear seem stronger."
"We will not allow enemies to turn us against each other."
"Think of tonight's show as like the Oscars, but with diversity."
Game of Thrones just got more intense.
From the 'Hamilton' parody to Lin-Manuel Miranda's sonnet.
'Game of Thrones' is about to get awesome.
The father of the Orlando shooting suspect pretended to be the president of Afghanistan.
Renée Elise Goldsberry : "I've spent the last 10 years of my life, what some would consider the lifeblood of a woman's career, just trying to have children."
"Once people start screaming and shots just keep ringing out, you know that it's not a show anymore."
'Hamilton' is poised for a big night.
"The theater is a place where every race, creed, sexuality and gender is loved."
"We are all in shock."
"From the beginning, Pulse has served as place of love and acceptance for the LGBTQ community."
"We don't have to agree on the meaning of marriage and sexuality to love one another and to see the murderous sin of terrorism."
"In sympathy for the victims of last night's attack in Orlando, we will remain dark tonight."
There will be no muskets at the Tony Awards tonight, to honor the victims in Orlando.
Trump once again brought up the idea of banning Muslims from entering the country — even though the shooter was born in the U.S.
"I wanted to represent how we as a country are a little overweight when it comes to other countries."
At least fifty people were killed. Officials released the first four names of the dead
It's unclear what — if any — help ISIS gave to suspected shooter Omar Mateen
The shooting "didn't just cut short dozens of lives; it also tore a hole in the very fragile sense of security for gay people in America," TIME's Daniel D'Addario writes
"We know enough to say this is an act of terror and an act of hate"
Critics slammed Trump for seeming self-centered in a moment of tragedy
Grimmie was shot and killed after a concert
One of the club's owners dedicated it to her brother who died of AIDS
His father said the shooting had "nothing to do with religion"
50 people were killed in the worst mass shooting in U.S. history
The death toll in Orlando was larger than shootings at Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook Elementary
The attack killed 50 people, injured dozens more and is being investigated as an act of terrorism
Brock Turner is scheduled to be released from Santa Clara County jail in September
Researchers turned carbon dioxide into stone in a climate change breakthrough. http://ti.me/1ZEQe3D
Authorities are investigating it as an act of terrorism.
Approximately 20 killed in Florida club shooting, police say.
"We wanted to do something that would have a mass impact."
The age when you start a family can have a big impact on how much you spend.
"If you don't do your revision properly, do you know what will happen?... You. Shall. Not. Pass!"
Just in case you don't have enough baby announcements in your newsfeed.
Add these to your reading list.
He carefully demonstrates the proper crawling technique.
"From the man responsible for every movie your girlfriend tried to drag you to."
Enter your zip code to receive your postal code horoscope.
Saran Kaba Jones: "I went thinking education was the solution, but when I talked to people, it was water, water, water."
You might want to rethink using your smartphone in front of the kids.
Ricky Gervais: "Americans say 'have a nice day' whether they mean it or not."
A guide for women, men and bosses.
6. Protect your skin from the sun.
"Traveling fulfills me in a way that having kids never will."
Turns out the perks might go far beyond a leaner body.
Mark these five ages on your calendar.
Math homework just got way easier.
It thinks you're a "larger, non-hostile" cat.
Between 2014 and 2015, there was an 80% increase in the number of girls 18 and younger receiving genital plastic surgery.
Know your rights.
5. Plan an exit strategy.
"Smiles are the same in every language."
To sustain you between trips to the beach.
Your brain making money looks a lot like your brain on cocaine.
India is expected to surpass China and become the world's most populous country by 2022. http://ti.me/1YfxI33
5. Create the illusion of control.
"It may not help fix the showerhead, but it can still help save the day."
2. The friend you can rely on.
Beyoncé and Ellen DeGeneres have tried it—should you?
These two things will keep you going back to the gym.
Do you sleep like an American or a Spaniard?
3. A gluten-free diet may actually make it harder for doctors to tell if your child has celiac disease.
Which word trips up your state the most?
"Now you too can be a source of Trump's wealth"
Find out just how smart you are.
She sang Miley Cyrus' "Wrecking Ball"
Which films are you anxious to see?
From Google Glass to Fitbit.
"I'm sad, shocked and confused. We love you so much Grimmie," posted Adam Levine
Today marks the 30th anniversary of the film's release.
"If it catches cattle pretty good, it catches a bandit pretty good"
The world said goodbye to Muhammad Ali.
Feeling hungry?
Grimmie was shot as she signed autographs for fans
Live large, just not in a big house.
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
Here's how you can do it too.
Gorgeous.
Good news: You don't have to skip the drink.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
This is what the experts say you should do.
Thinking about moving abroad?
What would Donald J. Trump say to you?
Hint: You might be working for one.
Watch live as a solar-powered plane flying around the world lands in New York City
When you really need to.
It's not time to coast just yet.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
This will stave off hunger.
Chelsea Handler: "I respectfully reserve a table for one in the restaurant of life."
"Traveling for the sake of travel is not an achievement, nor is it guaranteed to make anyone a more cultured, nuanced person."
Anthony Bourdain: "I think people only eat it because they're bored."
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Report cards aren't just for students.
"I used to thrive on stress — I truly believed it gave me energy and excitement."
Keep it or toss it?
From her royal wedding to her coronation.
Start by saying "no" more often.
Adorable.
Billy Crystal nailed his Muhammad Ali impression.
Elizabeth Warren slams Donald J. Trump: "You should be ashamed of yourself." http://ti.me/1rh6H1S
Too many people took his advice.
President Bill Clinton paid tribute to Muhammad Ali.
Grey's Anatomy fans rejoice.
Wayne Gretzky: "He was the nicest man I've ever met."
Jennifer Lopez: "At the end of the day I was just trying to be myself without trying to fit into a mold of what everybody else should be."
Justin Trudeau responded to a conference-goer's suggestion that "Canada could be to cannabis as France is to wine."
From sleek wrap dresses to those inescapable royal hats.
When you first wake up, what pops into your mind?
Paula Patton: "It's really nice, honestly, getting used to being alone. It's freeing."
Eat, drink, and be merry in the nude—if you meet the requirements.
Barack Obama says he has a pair of sunglasses on standby.
Even the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man made an appearance.
"That audience has been well-served by Barack Obama, even if he did have to swallow a bit of his pride to slow-jam the news."
"A hotel security guy called Bam Bam said 'What's going on here? Escorting the cripples now?!' I'm shaking."
His character was killed off in season 1—or was he?
"Shut up and sit in the corner. I mean, seriously!"
Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton don't have much in common.
Terrifying.
Should you be an accountant or a restaurant owner?
This is the world's deadliest drug. http://ti.me/1tmxCvs
Barack Obama on Trump: "Orange is not the new black."
A "major leap forward for Siri" is on the cards
Put these powerful words to the test.
"There are no flashing lights to lead you towards finding your calling."
Travel should be pleasurable — not stressful.
Never be fooled again.
Travel like a pro.
"Worldwide concern would strengthen our ability to save them."
It's the latest Chinese public health scandal.
Behind the scenes of the rising online sex industry.
Yikes.
"It's not what I'd call a true emergency, but..."
It'll soon have more people than China.
Remember this the next time you think about snapping a selfie.
It's as easy as making one simple change.
"It's a win-win. They both get a friend."
Researchers have developed a new "lifestyle score."
It's called the "dead zone."
The seagull turned himself bright orange.
What's got Justin Bieber in trouble this time?
Where's your emergency cash stashed?
Amal gets down to business.
Daisy Ridley : "Keep on top of how your body is feeling."
Powerful.
Sorry teens, your Tinder party is over. http://ti.me/24DzVp3
Amy Schumer didn't exactly get the reception she was hoping for.
"That's not my problem anymore."
"My dreams can go with me even if they change—if I just continue to say, 'Yes, and…'"
Even Daenerys loves Ryan Gosling.
He's so over it.
"I bet these are going to be very popular in nursing homes this year."
Archaeologists say it's been "hidden in plain sight."
Making America date again.
Will Jaime be faced with a difficult choice?
Oops.
And it doesn't seem to have anything to do with Westeros or White Walkers.
Elon Musk doesn't need to worry anymore.
Liz Lemon meets the Lannisters.
This panoramic photograph from the top of One World Trade Center was taken with a camera attached to a 13-ft.-long aluminum arm projecting from the spire, 1,776 ft. off the ground in lower Manhattan. Made up of 567 images taken over the course of five hours, the photograph—taken by Mike Franz and Jonathan D. Woods—was published as a gatefold cover of TIME on March 17, 2014, and on an interactive site that allowed users to see the breathtaking view for themselves. Read the cover story and watch the documentary film that resulted from this project at time.com/wtc
Will Game of Thrones fans finally see some Red Wedding revenge?
"Why is it that alcohol absolves our young men of privilege, but condemns our young women?"
Taylor Swift may have some competition.
Black holes are invisible. But now there are 3 new ways to "see" them. http://ti.me/1TXB5qb
Krokodil is a cheap substitute for heroin that leaves a reptilian mark on its victims.
"With every move documented in real-time on social media, parents have lost control of the very personal narrative of their real lives."
Find the perfect Father's Day gift in the TIME Shop. Take 30% off with the promo code: DAD30 http://ti.me/1svWCiT
These millionaires have figured out the keys to financial success.
Don't jeopardize your job over a text.
Siri can remind you to complete tasks, dial phone numbers and keep track of your contacts' relationships to you.
How did Reddit solve this man's missing pants mystery?
"Dogs make social and emotional evaluations of people regardless of their direct interest."
"I've earned it."
Is this what's ruining your diet?
Incredible.
Here are 9 insightful rules for emailing like a professional.
Try this useful and time-saving trick.
Looking to get in shape this summer?
Are you proud of doing your own taxes? Do you get excited about home appliances?
What to know about the Muslim holy month.
Did you miss your chance for next year's Coachella ?
Just like a Marvel superhero.
Which shows are the most addictive?
"She doesn't indicate what, exactly, is a 'secret' to be kept, so therefore everything could be one."
Have you ever been caught sleeping at work?
Did The Kills do it better than Rihanna ?
"If I date a man, do I need to come out again?"
Barack Obama : "You want the Republican nominee to be somebody who could do the job if they win."
Twitter users weren't so thrilled.
"Depression isn't just that you're going to be sad for a few days."
Are you tracking your period incorrectly?
Fish can recognize your face, a new study shows. http://ti.me/1t9ZsKC
An independent filmmaker accuses the singer of stealing from his short film
Start making those reservations.
"He was just shooting point blank at people. He didn't say anything"
You might want to rethink that nightcap.
From Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez to Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid.
Justin Bieber just wants "Company."
Will Cersei choose violence?
See the crowd's reaction when Hillary Clinton celebrated her historic moment. http://ti.me/1ti5Hgb
"To me there is no place more New York than Han's Deli Bodega."
The titles of the last two Game of Thrones episodes could reveal a major plot point.
Two words: LEGO Corgi.
Just don't miss your turn.
Talk about monkey business.
Kerry Washington: "They wanted me to sound more 'girlfriend,' more like 'hood,' more 'urban.'"
Katy Perry: "A lot of little girls are in bed right now dreaming for the first time, without limits. You broke the mold Hillary Clinton."
An evil character returns—but who?
"I turned my bedroom into a bread room. That's how much I love bread."
"Regardless of your political beliefs, it's hard not to be awed by her struggles over the years or to be inspired by the resilience she has shown in the face of them."
"All the happiness came out on her jacket."
But is she modeled after Hillary Clinton?
Lady Gaga: "What I am as Gaga really is what other people think Gaga is."
"Parents really overestimate just how much self control kids have in the early years."
"I don't need labels, categories, to prove I am worthy of respect, to prove that I should be listened to."
The search engine has plenty of tricks up its sleeve.
Whoa.
About half of his $300 million estate could go to taxes.
"Around 12 years ago, I made a decision that forever changed my relationship to money."
Including some of her most fabulous awards show dresses.
This is how they plan to give.
Beards, mustaches and stubble say different things.
Want to be happier in seconds?
But the escapade billed as "the worst hangover ever" may be a prank.
See what diseases you might be more vulnerable to developing.
Is it time to reorganize your schedule?
Tame the beast.
He'll be watching Malia graduate from high school.
3. Own up to your feelings—out loud.
"Just saying, 'I believe you,' can make a world of difference."
Get a glimpse of these colorful creatures.
Adorable.
He skipped his usual loose approach.
The commissioner laughed off the bogus message.
"She stands on the shoulders of generations of American women."
2. Flex your courage muscles.
"I will work hard to earn your support."
Barack Obama : "I loved her dearly, and I will miss her badly."
It's an unexpectedly emotional experience.
"It's difficult to tell whether disaster has just struck, or whether the fish is happy to be in there."
"Would a black or brown male perpetrator who wasn't on the swim team at his private university have gotten that sentence?"
Are the odds in your favor?
The new Harry Potter play just had its first showing
The judge who gave the Stanford sex offender a lenient sentence faces a recall campaign. http://ti.me/28ijTFu
Good news for Gilmore Girls fans.
The victim called them "heroes."
Could Victoria's Secret's Bombshell fragrance be the new insect repellent?
7. Prince did not keep up with the Kardashians.
Beyoncé: "I had an extra suit of armor."
"Time to Quidditch that winter coat and embrace the good weather."
Will her feud with the Faceless Men finally come to a head?
Police say a "lit object" was thrown at the glass storefront.
Complete with self-tanner, a fake belly and Donald J. Trump's signature hairstyle.
Sansa has one more trick up her sleeve.
"You'll have to go to beach volleyball without me."
This monkey robbing a jewelry store is the year's smoothest criminal. http://ti.me/1rbqwYA
Turns out not all fats are equal.
Kim Cattrall: "It was work or my sanity."
Serena Williams beat out Maria Sharapova for the top spot.
"I got sick of the sound of my own voice."
From Zootopia to The Jungle Book.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson rocks at karaoke.
"Beauty is more based on character than an arbitrary data point."
What's your personal ritual?
"It seemed like social media was bringing me more guilt and frustration than happiness."
From Scarlett Johansson to Leonardo DiCaprio.
"It's haughty and ultra-expensive."
4. Get out the Scrabble board.
The sky's the limit.
It's more than just weight gain.
Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne are not #1.
But did his beverage remain intact?
The Swedish pop band reunited in Stockholm.
Up to 80% of the factors that affect aging are well within our control.
Stephen Hawking : "You are the next generation of big thinkers."
Remember this next time you're at the bar.
4. Increase your morning motivation.
"Rio and Brazil have prepared for this moment."
"You'll be able to respond in a calmer, focused and more balanced way."
Arnold Schwarzenegger is defending the judge.
You won't be seeing Stephen Curry at Rio.
What happened with Mad Chad on The Bachelorette ?
Like mother, like daughter.
From Beyoncé's deal with Pepsi to Justin Timberlake's role in a McDonald's ad.
Jonathan Bennett: "You can't sit with us."
Some of Mark Zuckerberg's social media profiles were hacked. http://ti.me/1tcFQpQ
Her focus now turns to Donald Trump
Does Captain America give his seal of approval?
"It's wonderful that you're allowed to have a butt nowadays."
Ivanka Trump: "There's nothing more incredible than a woman who's in charge of her own destiny."
Mayor Bill de Blasio: "Does someone have Kanye's number?"
Muhammad Ali, who died at 74, suffered from Parkinson's disease for years.
There may be hope for Arya fans.
"When many young girls see that gown and sash, they listen."
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 7th episode of season 6
"This is a steep price to pay for 20 minutes of action out of his 20 plus years of life."
"What a shame to ask Hawaii to answer an otherwise confidential question."
"Obviously, my life has completely transformed."
They wrote that the girl had a severe peanut allergy in their online order twice.
Who's lurking in the Riverlands?
"Instead of shaming girls for their bodies, teach boys that girls are not sexual objects."
Maisie Williams from Game of Thrones wants you to know she has more to offer than her outfits.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: "He willingly stood up for us whenever and wherever bigotry or injustice arose, without regard for the personal cost."
One company leads the list for the fourth year in a row.
"Lyanna Mormont is officially the best character on this show. How soon before she's murdered?"
The case could come down to what the bird heard.
2. Pay attention to eureka moments.
Muhammad Ali: A Tribute to the Greatest" - Neil Leifer, Bernard Hopkins, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and more join us to honor #MuhammadAli
See Barack Obama's graduation speeches over the years. http://ti.me/289pvSs
John Oliver out-did Oprah with his giveaway.
The new Miss USA says military service is "a family tradition."
They're not spending like their parents did.
Good news, coffee lovers.
Ever feel like you're just not getting enough done?
They targeted his social media accounts.
It's the perfect hangover solution.
"Ali belongs to the world, but he only has one hometown."
4. Set and affirm your goals for the day.
"This kind of phenomenon is quite rare."
The theater wasn't pleased.
Drake and DJ Khaled team up.
"I think my main use was to re-introduce a character people thought was long gone."
"I wish your kindness matched your pretty exteriors."
Good night, insomnia.
It's one of the most-anticipated novels coming out this summer.
The funeral "will be a celebration open to everyone."
He's the first men's player since Rod Laver, in 1969, to win four straight major championships.
Hillary Clinton accused Donald J. Trump of running a campaign based on insults.
Things took a turn for the worse in Braavos on Sunday night.
More people are dying from booze than ever before.
Amazing.
It's not just about the salary.
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
"Saoirse doesn't have a dishonest bone in her body and that translates directly into her work, onto the screen."
1. Never accept the first salary offer.
The most heartwarming animal rescues of 2016.
"It's important to pick and choose your battles."
Find the perfect Father's Day gift in the TIME Shop. Take 30% off with the promo code: DAD30 http://ti.me/1XX7DW8
You don't need to buy an expensive "smart car" to have an Internet-connected vehicle.
It only takes about an hour a day.
See Lady Liberty when it was still a work in progress.
How to make a resumé for today.
The woman who was diving off Perth suffered significant injuries "consistent with a shark attack"
"Slowly fear turns into curiosity about what is inside."
Totally different.
Rodrigo Duterte won the presidential election last month
Find out the single best predictor of whether a relationship is working.
The stage play came under fire after a black actress was cast to play Hermione
"Do I have as many friends as I should?"
The director said he was surprised to receive sexist backlash over casting of the film
"I don't feel love for my husband 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Nor does he."
Trump said Judge Gonzalo Curiel's Mexican heritage prevents him from acting fairly in the Trump University case
We're living in a golden age of young-adult literature.
She helped give the happy couple a day to remember
Clinton is just 60 delegates away from clinching the Democratic nomination
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
One profession was ranked the worst for the third year in a row.
Middle siblings are a bit of a puzzle.
Is it "spitting image" or "spit and image?"
Simone Biles: "Most athletes get intimidated once they see how many fans our out there, but it almost calms me down."
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
Put down the cotton swab.
Hello, abdominal fat.
97% of Americans said they believed in God in 1965.
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
It will change the way you binge-watch.
3. You can use Gmail offline, too.
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
Should you be afraid of a North Korean nuke?
The Naked Cowboy: "When I started this, my goal was to become the most celebrated entertainer of all time in a year or less."
A spoonful of vodka makes your alter ego come out.
Sia has written songs for Beyoncé, Adele, Britney Spears, Katy Perry—and the list goes on.
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
Talk about checkmate.
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
Make the most of your bedtime routine.
Change the way you use Facebook.
Always make a good impression.
The consequences are drastic.
3. Drink more water.
Never get lost again.
Muhammad Ali lived with the disease for decades.
High performers have known this for years.
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
"Muhammad Ali belongs to the world," Louisville's mayor said. "But he only has one hometown."
You may want to rethink the cheeseburger and fries.
Remember this strategy.
President Bill Clinton will eulogize Muhammad Ali.
Meet the team of refugees who will compete at the Rio Olympics. http://ti.me/1r5Rqky
Live from Muhammad Ali's birthplace in Louisville, KY
Elizabeth Banks says the schedule conflicted with "my parental responsibilities."
Muhammad Ali's career began with a stolen bicycle.
"Assault is not an accident."
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
"By holding our candlelight, we send a signal to those being suppressed in China and warm their hearts."
Muhammad Ali's daughter Laila Ali describes his strength.
Muhammad Ali weighed his legacy.
President Obama's powerful remembrance of Muhammad Ali.
1. Listen to music from the happiest time in your life.
The new issue commemorates Muhammad Ali.
Looking to keep your mind sharp?
Read this before watching Miss USA.
Muhammad Ali's words to live by.
Demi Lovato and Wilmer Valderrama: "We are better as best friends."
Start your day off right.
2. Don't vent your anger.
What a life and a legend.
6. Choose stone fruit.
"We might never see one like him again."
Irene Kim: "My mom always said 'if you're happy, you're confident, and if you're confident, you're beautiful.'"
Look back at the extraordinary fighter's life in photos.
Do you think like this?
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
"He is unlikely to go quietly into the past."
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
"Mohammad Ali was the first athlete I was truly inspired by. He was a true champion and forever a legend."
"Nobody owes you anything. Lose the sense of entitlement."
Sometimes a glance can tell you how smart someone is.
One of his last tweets was a tribute to Prince.
Mike Tyson: "God came for his champion. So long great one."
Muhammad Ali, boxing icon, dies at 74. http://ti.me/1X3CDVr
Boxing icon Muhammad Ali died at 74.
It captured Muhammad Ali towering over Sonny Liston.
Muhammad Ali was "a hero and a villain, then a principled warrior and, finally, a beatified legend, at once misinterpreted and beloved."
The one word you should stop using immediately.
He's taking on much bigger competitors—again.
"When that alarm clock rings, you'll be so happy to get up."
Find out where passengers spend the most time waiting around.
The holiday is about more than flour in a vat of hot oil.
Your Instagram feed will never be the same.
Modern dating isn't just for humans.
She got how much?
From beaches to big cities.
Who would you like to see as the secret agent?
How do you think Game of Thrones should end?
From bacon to boxing gloves.
A Japanese boy survived for nearly a week after he was abandoned in the forest. http://ti.me/1VCduA0
"Where did that confidence come from? My goodness."
"We didn't immediately recognize the upsetting connotation of this image."
The airline is upping its game.
Anything is possible on Game of Thrones.
In December, police seized a laptop, hard drive and flash drive they say contained images and videos of child pornography.
"I've made the naïve choices to take on roles that are beloved in books."
Delta claims it's now the only U.S. airline to offer it.
Good news for Kanye fans.
What do you think of the Game of Thrones star's new look?
"The fact that no one flagged this is offensive and frankly, stupid."
"Here are the most celebrated, attractive, wealthy, interesting, gifted humans on earth, and they're getting rejected?"
"It's not the smartest people who go the furthest."
He imparts wisdom to the graduating class.
The cause of Prince's death is just one more tragic example of a nationwide trend.
This is the world's ugliest color—and it has an important purpose. http://ti.me/286AmN1
The insults were imaginative.
Trump hats grabbed from supporters were set on fire.
Some people go as far as feeding and changing their dolls, hiring a babysitter, and setting up group playdates.
The family can all attend Southeastern University for free.
"I haven't ruled politics out."
The ban was put in place in 1981.
Patrick Stewart makes an impassioned plea.
And that's counting sales to folks in Antarctica.
Are women-only parking spots sexist?
The majority of terrorist attacks were concentrated in just five countries.
The Gear Fit2 can show calls and text notifications.
120 million Chinese people traveled abroad last year.
The nearby Seine River has risen 16 ft. above normal levels.
UberCHOPPER anyone?
The boy suffered some dehydration but no serious risks to his health were found.
20 glass jars containing tiger organs and tiger cubs were also found.
"Nothing is Promised" is now live on Apple Music.
"Reading former journal entries is much like looking through a closet that hasn't been cleaned for several years."
"When Clinton is tough, a characteristic many see as unfeminine, it doesn't feel right, so she must not be authentic."
1. You buy new stuff just because it's new.
What would you learn how to do?
Are you making this mistake?
Another interesting note in the show's sweeping backstory.
"Our loves unfold against a cultural backdrop that creates a powerful sense of what is 'normal' in love."
It's that time of year.
It's time for a reality check
"If mommy-shaming must be a thing, could daddy-shaming perhaps also exist?"
Ready-to-drink Teavana will be on store shelves in 2017
Kim Kardashian West isn't the only one to have her own line of emojis.
"Your illness is nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed about."
Talk about a throwback.
The story behind the first photo of domestic violence. http://ti.me/1RRUuGO
The Internet seems to think so.
Beyoncé was a fan.
"There is nothing sacred or sexual left to see."
Her "job description" includes greeting guests, attending staff meetings and relaxing in the rooftop garden.
"It's okay Taylor Swift, the last stage of grief is a Grammy acceptance speech."
From "Wonka Industries" to "Good Burger."
2. Video games will become indistinguishable from reality.
Could another character from the past be making a comeback?
"They are stronger. More evolved."
What are the odds?
She tested her students on guns, drugs and prostitutes.
"It all began with a Khaleesi doll."
"From a director who feels like a complete idiot."
"I wish your kindness matched your pretty exteriors."
It would have been a very different episode.
They aren't the same.
Watch Bernie Sanders be grumpy. http://ti.me/1XQwESO
Brown came to prominence when she testified on the stand after her sister was killed.
Plan for the most peak experiences.
The photo has received more than 2 million hits in two days.
Enhance your messages with 72 new emojis.
"Your question is full of prejudice and against China."
TIME's new cover: How to stay married (and why) http://ti.me/1RPZjR1
"'Skylanders' has this sense of infinite possibilities."
More than a thousand people are believed to have been killed in the riots.
Foxx will have a recurring role in the series.
Even the (non-parody) Estonian President got involved.
Women are up to four times more likely than men to get them.
Reiniger was famous for creating movies from black cardboard paper.
The Great Firewall blocks everything from online tools like Google Scholar to groundbreaking papers by international peers.
The tablets reveal the 2,000-year-old financial dealings of early Londoners.
Is a white tongue a cause for concern?
"We tend to default to the candidate who reminds us of ourselves."
The temple is a popular tourist destination where travelers can take photographs with tigers.
The ad prompted scorn and outrage across China.
4. Make big financial decisions based on emotion.
It's changed quite a bit.
It's been associated with words like "death," "dirty" and "tar."
Giving new meaning to the term "fast food."
Streisand built her early career on the Broadway stage.
Featuring Carrie Fisher's French bulldog, Gary.
It's something a lot of people lack.
"Beyond annoyed. Every generation gets stupider and stupider."
He sent messages using racial slurs to a black woman who had booked a room with him
Some say it tastes like pink Starburst candy.
Calvin Harris was recently in a car accident that left him briefly hospitalized
Oops.
Listen to mom's 911 call after her son fell into a gorilla enclosure. http://ti.me/1XQwkDA
Start saving, Star Wars fans.
It's called "The Broken Man."
"I will make you regret it for the rest of your life."
"I also was thinking if I get a picture of this, at least people will believe that it really happened."
"I looked so bad and ridiculous, it was unbelievable."
The world's longest rail tunnel is opening in Switzerland. http://ti.me/1O5TgNn
Kim Kardashian West was the first to gain access to it.
The Force was not with them.
"Very few love stories have created as much pop culture buzz as Rob and Blac Chyna's."
Her expression says it all.
Gina Rodriguez: "I am not my hair. I am not my weight. I am not my skin color."
Miley Cyrus even changed costumes halfway through.
It's called "Green Tea."
Megan Fox: "I know it sounds crazy, like I'm a lunatic."
Witnesses said members of an anti-communist group were also involved.
Caitlyn Jenner first approached the kid she considers the "most tolerant."
It was advertised as the first "bar-less" outdoor gorilla exhibit.
Ever wonder?
How well do you know the iconic actress?
Costs spike and then fall when homeless people come off the street.
'The World According to Star Wars' is out now.
1. Check in with your boss regularly.
"The tiny cracks in time in which accidents happen ... are sometimes impossible to foresee."
"The recent terror attacks have reminded us of the urgent need to address illegal online hate speech."
"Once a portion of coral reef has been buried under tons of sand and gravel, it cannot ever recover."
The Philippines is considered one of the world's most dangerous countries for journalists.
"To judge someone's personal health by looking at their body size or shape is negligent."
Rights activists say the law is being used to silence critics of Erdogan's government.
"There are many positive aspects to the Trump's 'inflammatory policies.'"
Hundreds of migrants in Paris are homeless.
It's likely the most expensive purse in the world.
Certain passengers were able to travel unchecked through the country's main international airport, an investigation has found.
At least 2,234 people have been infected by contaminated blood.
Is it worth it?
The Force is with this adorable dog.
It could be the "biggest sports auction ever."
Tomi Lahren also tore into Beyoncé for her Super Bowl halftime show.
And how they might affect the November election.
In one ad, he tries his hand at chopping wood—which is about as successful as his political career.
It has nothing to do with weight loss or even fitness.
Barack Obama wants to remind you that being president is work, work, work work.
The blast ultimately resulted in the largest accidental marine oil spill in history.
"I got really lucky to live in a country where they bring everything to you on a silver platter."
4. Own your accomplishments.
The man was ordered incompetent to stand trial
1. Check in with your boss regularly.
Courses cost between $1,495 and $34,995
Zoo officials shot and killed the gorilla after a child fell into its exhibit
All she had to do was ask.
"A gorilla had to die. It is a sad loss. But it remains a happy ending."
A judge ordered that the boy serve 21 days of home detention.
Unreal footage of SpaceX's 4th landing taken from onboard the rocket.
"Burn them all."
James Franco: "On the outside, it seemed that I had everything one could want. … But I still wasn't satisfied."
Could you see the Mother of Dragons as a secret agent?
Adorable.
Reviewing Marvel's 'X-Men: Apocalypse'
"I'm here today making my own choices."
Her lawyers said Depp tried to discredit her.
Melissa McCarthy: "I just hope they find a friend."
This gym wants you to smoke pot during your workout.
"Beyoncé would not have had this problem."
"This beautiful gorilla lost his life because the boy's parents did not keep a closer watch on the child."
Kristen Bell: "I felt worthless, like I had nothing to offer, like I was a failure."
Who knew the Mother of Dragons was a Tupac fan?
Hillary Clinton: "It was fully above board."
"It's younger black people that are dying… we're starting to see ourselves in them."
Will you go see the upcoming Harry Potter play?
"I didn't know if we were being punked or something."
Up next, the NBA's series of the century.
"In a two-hour movie, you get a handful of character-defining moments, but in real life, you face them every day."
"It was basically the child or the gorilla, and they chose."
He said Snowden "raised the debate that we engaged in."
He called Trump "a demagogue."
"Comic book fans around the world know that the cool thing about Doc Savage is that he's the inspiration for Superman."
Play ball.
Tiger Temple promotes itself as an animal sanctuary but has been accused of illegal breeding and animal abuse.
Warning: cuteness overload ahead.
"As the Trojans knew, battles are far more easily won from inside the gates than from outside."
It's called the Transit Explore Bus.
Get more in tune with your flow.
An unwelcome blast from the past.
"People talk about birth control ... No Muslim family can understand and accept that," he said.
Both films were lambasted by critics.
You can binge-watch Netflix from your hotel.
Many of the survivors have been traumatized by the shipwrecks.
Will a visit to the chiropractor actually help?
Victims are reporting millions of dollars-worth of losses.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a villain!
See the dramatic differences between identical twins over time.
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
How many of these do you do?
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
9. Practice when the stakes are low.
Bill Gates barely made the list.
Lin-Manuel Miranda: "This act of choosing—the stories we tell versus the stories we leave out—will reverberate across the rest of your life."
"There's a better way to raise your child."
8. "References upon request."
1. They keep their problems in perspective.
A 4-year-old boy got into the gorilla's enclosure.
It comes with 4 days worth of sodium and a whopping 3,600 calories.
You could be sitting on a goldmine.
"Yet again, captivity has taken an animal's life."
It had nothing to do with diet or exercise.
The red planet is coming.
"Yes, you should say something."
Eating meat isn't the only way to add protein to your diet. (via Health.com)
She's still missing.
Keep this in mind at happy hour.
Game of Thrones spoilers ahead.
"There is a better way to do this whole job search thing."
From English peas to frozen pizza.
Now you can make your own ice cream in just 5 minutes. (via Sunset Magazine)
You might want to reconsider putting on those skinny jeans.
It's sometimes called the 5-2 diet.
The answer may surprise you.
This man can listen to a couple for 5 minutes and determine, with 91% accuracy, whether they'll divorce.
Memorial Day marks the unofficial start of the summer season.
1. Eat right away.
Nearly four out of 10 Americans are expected to be traveling this weekend.
It's all about knowing when you should book your flights.
Pull out your camera, not your wallet.
Hoda Kotb: "You don't need everyone to like you. You just need one."
Money isn't everything.
They frequently pay tribute to Prince William's parents.
Learn how to get Adele's look.
Officials did not provide a motive for the kidnapping.
Researchers found that 35% of the coral in the northern and central sections of the reef are dead or dying.
The soccer World Cup started this week, but it's not the one you think it is.
He spoke about Hodor, Sunday's surprise, and next week's episode.
It has little to do with genes for longevity.
Amazing!
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
"It actually affected my work life."
Fans started to call it her "Pretty Woman" moment.
Who's bigger: Washington or Lincoln?
Adorable.
Warmer waters and calmer weather have increased the refugees' attempts to reach Europe.
It's been a while, and fans couldn't be happier.
1. Turn down the thermostat.
You may want to get in touch with your feelings.
Are you a Sophia or an Ashley? A Jason or a Landon?
Still drinking skim milk?
Good news for coffee lovers.
"What didn't you get a chance to include on your résumé?"
1. Dark chocolate.
2. The friend you can rely on.
"More often than not, people who make the first offer do better."
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Move over, sports drinks.
2. They recognize the early signs of stress.
2. Connect with empathy.
Could this be the answer to that wizarding world conundrum?
2. Schedule your nap early in the day.
"It's like if you've ever lost a pet, but even worse."
The red planet is coming.
This sweet potato crust is a must-try. (via Cooking Light)
"I don't think I fit the type of actress Michael Bay had met before."
Science says that caffeine comes with some real perks.
Here comes the sun.
Chelsea Handler: "I respectfully reserve a table for one in the restaurant of life."
"If you go after one of us, you go after all of us."
Summer used to be the dumping ground for television. That's all changing now.
This chocolate banana ice cream is so delicious you won't even realize it's dairy free. (via Health.com)
He's not worthy.
4. No "but"s.
"They made the right choice because they saved that little boy's life."
Plus the top 100 restaurants in the United States.
The answer is depressing.
Have something to look forward to.
3. They are never wrong.
2. Learn sugar's aliases.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
"You have to use every second you get in a day."
You just have to ask the right way.
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
He was decades ahead.
Aziz Ansari: "It was quicker for my dad to find a wife than it is for me to decide where to eat dinner."
"It's gorgeous."
Skipping the weight room.
Their reaction is priceless.
6. Social media mistakes live forever.
The poor cat is just trying to catch some Z's.
Don't let your Facebook posts cost you a job.
This orangutan will crack up at just about anything.
Math homework just got way easier.
Sometimes the landlord/tenant relationship can be a difficult one. But it doesn't have to be that way.
New research links cat ownership to schizophrenia.
Trapped inside the body of this cute 3-year-old boy is a used car salesman, a corporate lawyer, or both.
"Something special appears to happen in the brain while the body floats."
So brave.
It's science.
How does your state compare?
Feeling hungry?
2. The dumb jock is a myth.
Try adding these habits to your daily routine.
Where will you go?
Food can help you set the mood.
"I don't like to waste time where I'm not hearing new things or being creative."
3. Prep your intro lines.
No more bad moods.
A healthy snack will tide you over.
Add these to your bucket list.
Eight of the victims are children
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
"Who cares about the political opinions of a piano player?" the musician said
You might need to stay up past your bedtime.
It's kind of terrifying
These classic potato pancakes are the best way to start any day. (via Cooking Light)
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
For those of you who are always on the go.
Here's the magic ratio.
4. Preface your workout with carbs.
Your mind — not your body — is holding you back.
"Not everything is going to pan out perfectly for you or the person whose talent you're fostering."
Did your favorite make the list?
Looking for love in the wrong places?
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
Start planning your next road trip.
"Excellence is being willing to learn and be humble. Arrogance is being unwilling to listen."
"Are the fries even made out of potatoes?"
A bucket list for book lovers.
Get ready for a sugar rush.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
See which patties made the biggest impact on the burger industry—and the world at large.
And 90% lose their wealth by the third.
Don't try this at home.
Which list is your school on?
4 cues give it away.
The reason might surprise you.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
This is what's sabotaging your workouts.
"There is huge potential."
It's called "broken heart syndrome."
These are the foods you should be eating now.
Talk positively to yourself.
Following years of drought.
3. Sell a product on Amazon.
'90s kids rejoice.
"Geeks do it better!"
Consider this before your next meeting.
From Barack Obama to Hoda Kotb.
Maisie Williams: "When are we next hanging out, Kit?"
The actress appeared in court with a black eye, saying that Depp had assaulted her.
"If you go after one of us, you go after all of us."
J.K. Rowling: "If it doesn't, we'll be checking your vital signs."
The only way these Chinese children can get to school is by climbing a deadly 2,600-foot cliff: "If you have any kind of accident, you will fall straight into the abyss."
"People think I'm scary but I'm gentle as a baby duck."
Good news for Wonder Woman fans.
Calvin Harris is still recovering from the accident.
"David your career, it's a huge mistake. It's like Ross and Rachel—it's on a break."
Forget spelling words like "gesellschaft"—the real feat was the contestants' dance moves.
A female employee had waited six months to tell Donald J. Trump she was having a baby.
Alysia Montaño: "We have lost the belief in amazing."
President Obama just became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima since the 1945 bombing.
"For some, the only difference between a classroom and a plantation is time."
Try all 10 words to see how you score.
"Fire" isn't one of them.
"You made it possible for us to have a very interesting debate about two guys who view the world very, very differently."
"I don't know whether the right person is in Hollywood."
"The walls were thundering, there was so much water moving through it."
The move comes just two months before the start of the Summer Olympic Games.
It underscores the gap in development between China's east and west.
"She was full of life. She was an angel."
"Seventy-one years ago, on a bright cloudless morning, death fell from the sky and the world was changed."
France has sent a naval vessel equipped with underwater probes to speed up the search.
"The 36-foot bamboo outrigger boat was lost."
"To me, sitting here drinking coffee with a blue sky is really freedom."
"My grandfather was a kamikaze — a successful one."
The menu change has created quite a few irate customers over the last few days.
But officials said the death toll from two capsized boats is likely to grow.
A coloring book, a children's book, and much, much more.
The poorly ventilated containers can easily turn into ovens in the baking heat.
There are plenty of truly cool and totally gratis attractions out there.
2. Always help your colleagues.
It's more common than you might think.
Compare the two for yourself.
Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump are cleaning up in the mask industry.
It's time to start heading to bed a little earlier.
They're very expressive.
"Just please be honest with yourself about what you think and how you feel."
Which word trips up your state the most?
Hint: It's a lot.
Thiel said he was funding Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker
Oscar Isaac can dance perfectly in sync to just about any song.
The Malaysian singer is the face of Uniqlo's Hana Tajima hijab capsule collection
Push-ups and pot?
As the Canadian government is moving to legalize pot across the country
Could this be the answer to that wizarding world conundrum?
Yes, the U.S. Pentagon still relies on floppy disks to operate the country's nuclear weapons.
"They were passing us back and forth to each other."
Adorable.
Amy Schumer got an unexpected surprise.
Bernie Sanders: "They wanted to end this thing before the first ballot was cast."
Was Chris Evans as surprised as the rest of the Marvel fans?
"What is 'See you tomorrow, Trebek?'"
This futuristic bus that cars can drive right through could solve the problem of traffic jams.
Even 6-year-olds aren't immune to it.
Donald J. Trump was just joking.
"It's the most lit thing I've ever experienced."
Zayn has a solution for the indecisive.
"Awkward."
President Obama warns that world leaders are already rattled by Donald J. Trump: "A lot of the proposals that he's made display either ignorance of world affairs, or a cavalier attitude, or an interest in getting tweets and headlines."
And she can't even walk yet.
Frank Luntz:  "We are in the midst of a campaign of demonization and destruction."
"The airplane really is just a microcosm of the corporate boardroom."
Adele had a hilarious reaction.
Try all 10 words to see how you score.
Democrats and pundits have spent the week fretting about why Clinton isn't liked more.
His gravity-defying dance became a hallmark of Harlem jazz clubs in the early twentieth century.
The worlds of Jon Snow and Alexander Hamilton collide.
Union activists have blockaded some French oil refineries, leaving about one-third of gas stations without fuel.
TIME's new cover: How far will Bernie go? http://ti.me/248XVzT
Technology has come a long way in recent years towards making better athletes.
2. Keep a diary.
"The floppy disks are associated with a nuclear-communications system that was unreliable even when the system was upgraded in the 1970s."
The 600-foot-long hole was attributed to a burst water pipe.
Khadija Ismayilova says the charges against her were "false and illegal."
You're literally drinking away your savings.
He suggested she was "extreme" and "emotional" because she does not have a husband.
New punishments for child-sex offenders also include a maximum penalty of death.
Try this tactic.
The last Taliban chief was killed by a U.S. drone.
The fishing boat capsized off the coast of Libya.
"It may not help fix the showerhead, but it can still help save the day."
Now you see it...
Trump said he'd accept only a $1 a year salary as president.
From The Beatles to Katy Perry.
Along with 1,500 other props and wardrobe pieces.
They met in 2011 on the set of 'The Rum Diary.'
He addressed the need to balance efficiency with security.
McAuliffe initially told reporters he could not remember ever meeting Wang Wenliang.
Which films are you anxious to see?
5. Create the illusion of control.
1. Don't obsess over "how" you'll do something.
Hold back your tears
Keep calm, Game of Thrones fans, a new episode is on the way.
Amy Schumer: "I think I look strong and healthy."
What else is in store for the residents of Westeros and Essos?
Beyoncé and Ellen DeGeneres have tried it—should you?
She was previously the front-runner.
Is Hillary Clinton a Beyoncé fan?
How does booze affect your mood?
Turns out "the most trusted hero in the Marvel universe" has a dark secret.
Blake Shelton: "It kinda has the texture of pre-chewed gum."
No, he did not get a tip.
The Mother of Dragons is a Hanson fan?
Vietnam's 26-year-old 'Queen of Hip Hop' really impressed President Obama this morning.
Even the Canadian Prime Minister needs a day off.
"Every day we face hard choices, like which statement blazer to wear."
Ariana Grande and Christina Aguilera brought down the house with their big vocals.
Their apology has to do with Hodor.
The Steffi Graf interview has now ended. We lost 50 seconds towards the end but the full interview will be posted as soon as possible. We hope you enjoyed it!
Protestors clashed with police outside Donald J. Trump's rally last night: "They will shoot you!"
Partner content from Longines: We're live with former German tennis player and winner of 22 Grand Slam singles titles Steffi Graf, discussing key moments in her career and her continuing contribution to the next generation of aspiring players.
James Corden also mocked Anne Hathaway's Oscar hosting abilities and her role as Catwoman.
He told Jimmy Kimmel that Joyce looks like he was "inbred with a tomato."
Hundreds of chanting protestors demonstrated against Trump holding signs and burning campaign paraphernalia.
Ireland's restrictive abortion laws threaten lifetime sentences for women who terminate pregnancies.
He also mentions the late artist Prince.
"The frenzy of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and the era of blindly following them have passed."
See her hit a canister off of a guy's head with precision aim.
Four other employees of the company also disappeared late last year.
Sites include fountains, piazzas, baths and historical ruins.
A different climate pattern called La Niña could develop in the wake of El Niño.
It's a brave career choice in a repressive state where artists fear upsetting the authorities with their lyrics.
Hyperloop Transportation Technologies said it's building its pods out of a material called "vibranium."
Micro, small, and medium businesses will soon be legalized.
Sailors are contending with plastic bags, sewage and robbers.
It is the first time someone has been convicted of manslaughter over the sale of food in Britain.
Forget email.
An estimated 4.2 million American workers will be newly eligible for overtime pay.
"Let's take a deep breath and a step back."
"Reality doesn't matter because uttering 'the M word' has gotten votes!"
The deaf supermodel has been a fan favorite throughout the show's 22nd season.
Don't quit your day job. Yet.
Stunning.
66% of Americans say they're in "excellent" or "very good" health.
"We want the Scoot-E-Bike to be part of that new wave of alternative transportation."
Stop focusing on the negative.
So much for empty nests.
"If Gillian Anderson was the next James Bond I would be so happy."
Even the Duchess of Cambridge didn't realize how many people were working behind the scenes.
Does he have a shot with the Mother of Dragons?
What do Captain America and Princess Elsa from Frozen have in common?
Will Beyoncé Day become a national holiday, too?
5 Nile Crocodiles have been discovered in Florida. They're the second-largest reptiles in the world and have been known to attack humans.
Remember him?
Anne Hathaway didn't exactly get the recognition she expected.
Talk about "too cool for school."
"Beetlejuice just gets me every time."
Do smoothies bring all the boys to the yard?
Venezuela could be on the brink of collapse.
Did Jennifer Lawrence really take an Ambien before filming a scene of "The Hunger Games?"
"Because it's Game of Thrones, you will now be presented with my head on a spike by our George R.R. Martin lookalike."
Facebook wants to "minimize risks where human judgment is involved."
Just in time for strawberry season. (via MyRecipes.com)
It can make the difference between success and failure in a new job.
Feeling hungry?
"My saying 'no' ultimately opened so many more doors for me."
He also called Kanye "a crazy guy."
"I'm such a happy Chewbacca."
"Junk equality," she called it.
The road-trip movie hit theaters 25 years ago on May 24, 1991.
It could open the door for hackers and identity thieves.
And why one of its directors likes to talk about inclusivity more than diversity.
Obama said that "there are still areas of significant concern," over human rights in Vietnam.
Kim Kyoung-ok and her mother were forced into hiding, living in Chinese caves before traveling through Vietnam and Cambodia to reach South Korea.
Mark these five ages (or the ones that still apply to you) on your calendar.
India will invest $500 million into developing Iran's Chabahar port.
Police say the asylum seekers are being moved to more "humane" facilities.
You could call it "survival of the smartest."
"Making a living is not the same as making a life."
The new season premieres on BBC America on May 30.
Rescue teams continue to search for survivors.
Trump said he would meet with Kim Jong-un to halt the country's nuclear program.
Stunning.
"If you are a black person, you see Tinder as a white app."
JoJo, it seems, has a lot of supporters.
"The President's chopstick skills are on point."
Joelle "Jo Jo" Fletcher is looking to find love.
1. Barack Obama: Aim for better, not perfection.
4. First impressions are often inaccurate.
82% of Americans who eat hamburgers think it's a good source of nutrients.
Mariah Carey will make three more movies for Hallmark.
Beer is far from a new concept.
"An oath does not equal 'do whatever they say.'"
"Democracy is not always nice and quiet and gentle"
Are you a "Pantsapreneur" or a "Chicken Enthusiast?"
Donald J. Trump has said that the concept of global warming was "created by and for the Chinese."
Bran's new responsibility might be greater than expected.
Kris Jenner: "I was the original Kardashian."
Priyanka Chopra's upcoming role in "Baywatch" was also originally written for a man.
Michelle Rodriguez: "I wish I was born somewhere else or maybe some other way, but it is what it is."
Justin Bieber: "When I look in the audience I see a bunch of fake smiles."
Is she a "Torienne" fan?
Justin Bieber fans held up signs reading, "Argentina Needs Justin" and "Right to Music."
One Game of Thrones fan saw it coming.
The mother from that viral Chewbacca mask video just got some more Star Wars swag from Kohl's. http://ti.me/20rPPBD
She's taking her advocacy into the classroom.
"If you don't believe in magic, you will never find it."
"I was willing to walk away when I needed to."
"If that's all Prince got..The rest of us are in trouble."
Baltimore police officer acquitted on all charges in Freddie Gray's death. http://ti.me/244EmZL
Amber Riley: "Why does me being fat offend so many people?"
"Nice one, Bran."
"It was aimed at both men and women. I can't strip either. I'm a little overweight."
The people of South Sudan are struggling to survive.
Elijah Wood: "I've been led down dark paths to realize that these things probably are still happening."
Idina Menzel says she will love the character "no matter what."
"I couldn't have asked for a better goodbye to a character I love."
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 5th Episode of Season 6
"David Benioff was like 'you can do a dance' — like, as a joke."
John Oliver explains the complex process.
Everest climber died trying to disprove "warped" stereotypes about veganism
It's part of Obama's "farewell tour" as he prepares to leave office later this year.
Species of gorilla and rhinoceros are among the most vulnerable.
She's only five weeks old.
It had nothing to do with diet or exercise.
"1 in 5 hiring managers say they have asked a question in a job interview only to find out later that it was a violation of federal labor laws to ask it."
1. Listen to music from the happiest time in your life.
Just 11 out of 900 candidates were self-nominated independents.
The proposed combination would create a giant seed and farm chemical company.
The school is home to many girls from the region's poor hill tribes.
The lifting of the ban "removes a lingering vestige of the Cold War," Obama said.
How to make a resumé for today.
"Despite the tentative steps it has taken toward economic and political reforms, Vietnam very much remains a closed country."
Lawyers for two Burmese migrant workers say DNA evidence is "unreliable."
Kesha sang "It Ain't Me Babe" at the Billboard Music Awards 2016.
"The remarkable line-up of musical powerhouses made up for the fact that the show was a ludicrous three-and-a-half hours long."
They have a leader.
You don't need to buy an expensive "smart car" to have an Internet-connected vehicle.
Game of Thrones fans had a lot to say.
Adele premiered the clip at the Billboard Music Awards.
Beijing is making a play for one of the most important waterways in the world.
Britney Spears was there to receive the Billboard Millennium Award.
The Weeknd won the prize for Top Hot 100 Artist.
It's interview prep 101.
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
"Everywhere we turn, sleep deprivation is glamorized and celebrated."
Travel should be pleasurable — not stressful.
This will stave off hunger.
"When you don't have data about a community, at times it can seem like the community doesn't exist."
"It's clear that homework does have an impact, but it's not always a good one."
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
It's not just about the salary.
Last week, a pair of Chinese J-11 fighter jets flew within 50 feet of a U.S. Navy EP-3 reconnaissance plane
"Cultural sexism in the world is very real when you've lived on both sides of the coin."
He's got an unorthodox teaching method
Sometimes you just need some mac and cheese. (via MyRecipes.com)
The actress gave birth to her first child
4. Get out the Scrabble board.
Clinton attacked Trump for not releasing his tax returns
Government soldiers locked more than 50 men into a shipping container in South Sudan. All but one boy died.
Arianna Huffington spoke at the Colby College commencement in Waterville, Maine
Soldiers locked more than 50 men into a shipping container in South Sudan. Only this boy survived.
"His views are much closer to mine than as to [DNC Chair Debbie] Wasserman Shultz's"
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
"I don't want to have guns in classrooms, although in some cases teachers should have guns in classrooms, frankly"
"I don't feel love for my husband 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Nor does he."
"I've done it! I mean, no I haven't, and I keep losing states, but mathematically, I've done it!"
1. Eat right away.
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
This is Amazon's secret weapon.
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
3. Superfoodify your smoothie.
Put down the cotton swab.
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
Stacey Griffith: "My philosophy on getting fit is you cannot do it alone."
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
Could you wake up earlier?
More people are dying from booze than ever before.
"Nobody owes you anything. Lose the sense of entitlement."
Swanluv reviews candidates' relationships and sets an interest rate based on their compatibility.
6. Tap the camera app's hidden features.
It will change the way you binge-watch.
Middle siblings are a bit of a puzzle.
What's the secret to living to 100?
3. You can use Gmail offline, too.
There have been at least 49 selfie-related deaths in the last two years.
4. Cleopatra.
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
Talk about checkmate.
Who do you think is most influential?
Awe-inspiring.
Make the most of your bedtime routine.
The secret to financial freedom.
2. Sticky eyes.
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
"A winky face may be creepy to one person and friendly to another."
Most people don't know there is a simple trick to get a cheaper flight.
A peek into kitchens from Norway to Kuwait.
2. Don't vent your anger.
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
The DJ was briefly hospitalized after a head-on collision
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
A match made in ooey-gooey heaven. (via MyRecipes.com)
"They're legitimately scared. They're fearful."
"It is almost too much to handle regardless of one's political position"
Are you making this mistake?
"Biggie put Brooklyn on the map"
Julia Cameron: "Every person has the power to make small, authentic changes that will, over time, adjust the trajectory of their lives."
Making your own crepes is the perfect way to start the weekend. (via Real Simple)
He asks for a birthday lion
The child died in a hospital on Wednesday
Adorable.
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
6. Choose stone fruit.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
Is organic food worth the sticker shock?
Thinking about moving abroad?
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Adorable.
Do you think like this?
"I think it's just to get attention. It's to get the likes. Everything's about the likes."
IQ is overrated.
"One of the most successful ways to raise drug awareness is to show substances' harrowing impact on a user's face over time."
"Dealing with a narcissist regularly is like having a pet tiger."
Change the way you use Facebook.
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
Priyanka Chopra says that yogurt isn't just for eating—she also uses it on her face and hair.
Always make a good impression.
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
2. Label negative feelings.
It's something no one really gets instruction in.
Never get lost again.
These moves are safer for your lower back.
Keep this in mind at happy hour.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
These endangered species are the most vulnerable.
Magic Johnson: "He talked so much trash—he thought he had a real jump shot."
These edible six pack rings could save marine animals. http://ti.me/1qzxZQZ
For when the answer becomes "I don't."
"We knew that there would be a reaction."
"I have built a papier-mâché wall for Mexico. It costs $17.99. Fabulous!"
Mariah Carey chose to plead the fifth.
Andi Dorfman: "I came into this show so naïve."
It's called "Blood of My Blood."
'X-Men: Apocalypse' will be released on VHS, right?
Kim Kardashian West: "I feel for her in that situation."
This Star Wars fan knows true joy.
Sophie Turner said it was the hardest scene she's ever filmed.
Emily Ratajkowski was taught to "never apologize" for her sexuality.
Make cold brew at home and skip the overpriced coffeehouse version. (via Health.com)
Flawless.
Seth Rogen: "What did Dr. Frankenstein say about his dog's drool? It's saliva."
Sorry, Game of Thrones fans.
An LGBT vote failed in the House and chaos ensued. http://ti.me/22ifnmf
Megyn Kelly: "In my business, everyone is a critic."
"I think it's almost a nod of approval."
These Nutella pie pops taste even better than they look. (via MyRecipes.com)
He also said there are more ugly women in America than "attractive" ones.
The other 20% was "whatever."
Kim Kardashian West documented her pregnancy scare via Snapchat.
It's gotten some backlash.
1. Ask yourself why you're doing something.
Lauren Graham appeared on 'Ellen' to chat about the show.
Here's a guide for channeling your inner Ferris.
"It is the gem of gems."
Fans mourned her departure on Twitter.
This year's heatwave has already claimed dozens of lives.
The main complaint heard about life there was about the food.
Trevor Noah: "Now you're just laughing it off?"
"It encourages the creativity you need to find a solution when you're facing the unknown."
Would you take a ride?
The Simpsons now comes with a set of instructions.
The plane is believed to have crashed into the Mediterranean Sea.
John Berry's father said his son had battled frontal lobe dementia.
Make some room in your liquor cabinet.
2. Losing weight is all about how much you eat and work out.
For the first time ever, the Eiffel Tower will be used as a vacation home.
IQ is overrated.
Leicester showed off their Premier League Trophy in Bangkok.
The former law professor takes over from outgoing Kuomintang President Ma Ying-jeou.
Morley Safer died on Thursday night, aged 84.
"We've disturbed a lot of rice bowls."
Incredible.
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
The label was worried Kesha would use the performance to make a statement about Dr. Luke.
Stunning.
Ariana Grande: "I'll never be able to swallow the fact that people feel the need to attach a successful woman to a man when they say her name."
"I'm helping in every sense that I can to help rid the world of the evil that I saw"
Ellie Goulding: "I couldn't go to the studio unless I was lying down in the car."
Who will win?
Good news for "Torienne" fans.
"Transgendered people are no more or less likely to be sexual predators than any other people," TIME's Jeffrey Kluger writes
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau apologized today for elbowing this member of parliament on the floor of the House of Commons.
Here are some clever alternatives.
Are you more narcissistic than the average American?
1. Embrace your feelings—even uncomfortable ones.
"Assume life isn't fair."
Could this be what's next on Game of Thrones?
Find out just how smart you are.
And she only took her first selfie a month ago.
Looking to keep your mind sharp?
Here's what you should know about superdelegates
The school district called the clothing a "threat to the health or safety of others."
Could more makeup mean more money?
"I know it's daytime TV, but I feel I can make a difference while I'm here."
Justin Trudeau elbowed a Member of Parliament.
Here's what we know about the missing EgyptAir flight MS804.
Zac Efron: "This seems so disrespectful."
Ivanka Trump: "He's not a groper."
5. Don't hold financial leverage over your daughter's head.
Each version of Android has so far been named after a dessert.
The phrase parodies Donald Trump's campaign slogan "Make America Great Again."
Can you guess which metropolis took the title?
TIME's new cover: Battle of the Bathroom. From schools to statehouses, what's really at stake http://ti.me/20a2vNx
2. Know what you can afford.
Americans buy and eat nearly a third of their breakfasts on the go.
The glacier's melting process could cross the point of no return within the next 100 years.
The Airbus A320 was en route from Paris to Cairo when it disappeared from radar screens.
The photo was taken to debunk rumors that the prized panda recently died.
"How would I walk out of the interview room with a soiled skirt?"
He and his wife lost their home as a result.
A search is now underway for debris from EgyptAir Flight 804.
They train to dive blindly into black water, identifying explosives by touch alone.
It's launching later this year.
Your soap might be messing with your hormones.
Official says the pilot was forced to descend in order to avoid a collision.
"I didn't want to seem 'difficult' or 'spoiled' ... until I saw the payroll on the Internet and realized every man I was working with definitely didn't worry about being 'difficult' or 'spoiled.'
5. You can't have everything.
"Come and see."
"This could happen at any store that sells trees. So be mindful when shopping for gardening supplies."
He only wanted his distant relatives to share in the joy.
"Hand-picked to help you survive the collapse of civilization after Donald Trump is elected President."
"It will become harder to tell where you stop and Google starts."
When you eat matters just as much as what you eat.
It could confirm a lot of Game of Thrones fan theories.
Do you take Tylenol?
"Congress needs to step up and clarify the Civil Rights Act," McCrory told TIME
Google is going all-in on virtual reality.
The park will open on July 4
"When you don't have data about a community, at times it can seem like the community doesn't exist."
Donald Trump wants to meet with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un
Hillary Clinton learned it from her mom.
"She cannot be serious."
Jennifer Lopez: "Am I difficult because I care?"
Blac Chyna: "I am having a baby! Exactly what do you expect to see?!"
Magic mushrooms could treat mental illness, according to a new study.
It gives a whole new meaning to "Jumpman."
Mariah Carey didn't hold back.
Who you gonna call?
One of the Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram two years ago was just rescued. #BringBackOurGirls
Jimmy Fallon challenged Miley Cyrus to a game of "Funny Face Off."
6. They teach their kids math early on.
It's called "Torienne, the Bear and the Maiden Fair."
6. Eat vegetarian two times a week.
Drake played a game of "Never Have I Ever" on the Ellen DeGeneres Show.
"Who knows what will happen."
"The boys are still getting more money for a lot of garbage, while the ladies are hustling and doing amazing work for less."
Hate going to the gym?
From a Gilded Age mansion to an elevator shaft.
"I was like, 'You better pay me or I'm going to go public' And they did."
The South Carolina bill contains no exceptions for rape or incest.
"I challenge you to a dance off."
The celebrations mark what has been described as one of the greatest ever underdog stories in sport.
The memo has not gone down too well with the prospective graduates.
"If Maduro wants to apply this decree he will have to bring out the warplanes and the tanks."
"Don't give in to cynicism."
"Men don't think it's them, that's the problem."
There are only 60 left in the wild.
But several Burmese companies are now able to do business with American firms.
Many skills that made the list are basic job functions employers already expect you to know.
Protester's plans were quashed by security measures that effectively rendered the area a no-go zone.
Designed to keep your eyes on the road and your hands off the screen.
Three villages were buried in the landslide.
If released, the deadly gases could take the lives of the more than 2 million people that live along the lake's shores.
Looking for a smart summer read?
"The idea that creativity fades with age is false."
"It's about making a sale."
5. Think outside the box of paintings.
"Thinking outside the box is crucial."
"Kelly was able to go big and broad."
Stay connected to your alma mater.
You might want to practice your patience.
"Megyn, you've been called a lot worse. Wouldn't you say?"
Will Mariah Carey even take the stage at her nuptials?
"This has turned into a much bigger issue than just a sweater."
Ashley Graham will play Joe Jonas' love interest.
"It's no coincidence"
Donald J. Trump's wife says he wants to help America and unite people.
Mexico's president just proposed legalizing gay marriage nationwide.
Megyn Kelly: "I would say the hair is real. I have laid hands on it personally."
George R.R. Martin: "The truth is, as we say in Game of Thrones, all men must die."
"Cultural sexism in the world is very real when you've lived on both sides of the coin."
"Since email makes us easily accessible, professionals often feel pressured to be online at all times."
Most of them met a violent end.
"I like to meditate while I work on my core, even though I was born with a six-pack."
5. Contract negotiation.
"Moon of my life."
The model crackdown is the latest move by authorities to control online expression in Iran.
This is Justin Timberlake's first new track since 2013.
J.K. Rowling: "His freedom to speak protects my freedom to call him a bigot."
Featuring a rubber ducky, an xylophone and, of course, some "flippie-floppies."
On Wall Street discussing TIME's latest cover story on "American Capitalism's Great Crisis" with Rana Foroohar
2. Ditch antibacterial soap.
One of Thailand's most beautiful islands is being closed to prevent tourists from destroying it.
James Corden grilled Nick Jonas about his dating history and teased him about the purity ring that he used to wear.
"Oil and gas producers may have to start preparing for a tsunami of lawsuits."
"Instead of choosing to read or to listen only to the people whose views make you the most comfortable ... choose instead to study those who make you the most upset."
It's surreal.
Duterte won't be going to the Vatican.
The product was targeted at families with children using humidifiers in South Korea's dry climate.
Kids may be weighed down by the situations their friends are in — and not sure how to help.
"All of Dahl's work is marked by a pleasurable nastiness, as well as delight in disorderly behavior."
Hope is now on the mend.
"We summarize and absorb history's lessons with the goal of using history as a mirror to better move forward."
"If your neighbor's house is on fire, you are not safe if you lock your doors."
"The police are so afraid of Zhang Dejiang seeing us protest," said an activist protesting Zhang's arrival.
There is no plan to expand the operation.
Photos currently take up 20 characters worth of the 140 limit.
Trudeau said the bill will "ensure the full protection of transgender people."
Nothing can ruin an in-flight movie like a useless announcement.
"That toy won't sell as well if it's a female."
"Intolerance of alternative viewpoints is spreading to places that make me ... most uncomfortable."
Her translator, Deborah Smith, only began learning Korean less than seven years ago.
Activities ranged from swimming and rowing, to wheelchair basketball and rugby.
Your biological age might be different from your chronological age.
Barack Obama: "To help ourselves, we've got to help others, not pull up the drawbridge and try to keep the world out."
"It is important for Hillary Clinton to spell out exactly which parts of Bill's legacy were valuable—and which she'd discard."
5. Discover common ground.
Could this be what the High Sparrow told Tommen?
Kehlani: "You need to be here every single day that you are meant to be here."
Is reproductive function restored?
The new '24' debuts after the Super Bowl
From sleek wrap dresses to those inescapable royal hats.
Christina Aguilera also sings Rihanna's "Work" and Katy Perry's "I Kissed a Girl."
Today marks the 30th anniversary of the release of Top Gun.
Her answer may surprise you.
Colombian police just confiscated 8.8 tons of cocaine, "the biggest seizure of drugs in history," according to president Juan Manuel Santos.
Adele's full music video will debut at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards, on May 22.
This is Sia's first time back on the road in five years.
Cue the memes.
"Ladies, find someone that looks at you like Tormund looks at Brienne."
Justin Bieber: "Sorry Argentina. I love you."
"Daenerys was really on fire tonight!"
President Obama took aim at Donald J. Trump during his commencement address at Rutgers University: "In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. It's not cool to not know what you're talking about."
"I think she's done this before."
7. Jackets and blazers.
"Guarantees were required that Obama would bring no pests."
1. They can influence your weight.
Government soldiers locked more than 50 men into a shipping container in South Sudan. All but one boy died.
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 4th episode of season 6
"Apparently, some viewers think my dress is too revealing."
Some 911 call centers are underfunded, understaffed, and full of out-dated technology.
Start your day off right.
The mother of dragons explains last night's key scene
Safer retired this week at the age of 84.
This is what recruiters want to see on your resume.
David Cameron called Trump's proposed Muslim ban "divisive, stupid and wrong."
He also said he will launch a major military offensive to destroy Abu Sayyaf extremists.
The island needs time to regenerate "before the damage is beyond repair."
"In the process of creative thinking, it's good to sometimes do a little bit of a wrong thinking."
5. The company thinks artificial intelligence is key for growth.
Prince was known at the Kingdom Hall as "Brother Nelson."
"Bring on the crazier crazies, the cacodemons and cyber-horrors and spider-legged brains."
"The results will come."
In China, no official events were held to commemorate Monday's anniversary.
"Can we ever truly separate heels from their effect on women in the culture?"
Duterte's election success has been credited to his promise to eradicate crime.
We're living in a golden age of young-adult literature.
Jamala has said that the somber lyrics were inspired by the experiences of her great-grandmother.
Donald Trump and Chris Christie try to choose a vice president on 'SNL.'
Anthony Kiedis was hospitalized over "complications from the intestinal flu."
Warning: Spoilers for season 6, episode 4 of Game of Thrones ahead.
"Credit or debit?"
That's 222 of the Defense Department's 886 generals and admirals.
It's pretty simple.
You may want to rethink scheduling that 5 p.m. happy hour.
See Lady Liberty when it was still a work in progress.
Do you know the difference between a 401K and an IRA?
Incredible.
These Olympic hopefuls are getting ready for Rio.
Truman Capote: "Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor."
"Traveling fulfills me in a way that having kids never will."
High performers have known this for years.
It's called "broken heart syndrome."
"I am not here to tell you all the things I've learned in life. Today I will try to tell you what I learned in death"
He pleaded for Russia's athletes to be allowed to compete in the upcoming Rio Olympics
Learn how to get Adele's look.
"It would be interesting to look him in the eye as he explains," Glenn Beck wrote
"It's not cool to not know what you're talking about"
These chewy peanut bars are perfect for your next spring picnic. (via Southern Living)
The odds have tipped dramatically in his favor
It comes with 4 days worth of sodium and a whopping 3,600 calories.
Park rangers reportedly released the bison back where the tourists found it
These are the foods you should be eating now.
"Look, I mean, these are things that he is going to have to answer for"
These tasty pie pops are even better than a slice of your favorite pie. (via Southern Living)
The song just won the Eurovision contest
"There is a better way to do this whole job search thing."
Drake rips comedian Leslie Jones for "icing him" and a janitor for taking his water bottle
Sometimes it seems like your brain just sits around creating lousy feelings and worries.
"Look, no good rap comes from Canada, OK?"
Here are some of the most iconic photos of the young couple mirroring their predecessors
Only 20% of American adults get the recommend amount of physical activity.
This man can listen to a couple for 5 minutes and determine, with 91% accuracy, whether they'll divorce.
Will a visit to the chiropractor actually help?
"There's a better way to raise your child."
One profession was ranked the worst for the third year in a row.
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
"There is huge potential."
It's sometimes called the 5-2 diet.
4 cues give it away.
Hello, abdominal fat.
97% of Americans said they believed in God in 1965.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
Siri can remind you to complete tasks, dial phone numbers and keep track of your contacts' relationships to you.
Totally different.
Victims are reporting millions of dollars-worth of losses.
Get the box of tissues.
Parlez-vous Francais?
"Why do we need that if there's zombies coming?"
Talk positively to yourself.
Who's bigger: Washington or Lincoln?
Is it "spitting image" or "spit and image?"
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
Thanks, science!
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
"I find that many people can relate more to my mistakes than they can to my successes."
See which state you really belong in.
You may want to rethink the cheeseburger and fries.
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
You may want to rethink those "Lunch Boxes."
Eat up!
A spoonful of vodka makes your alter ego come out.
Should you be afraid of a North Korean nuke?
The Naked Cowboy: "When I started this, my goal was to become the most celebrated entertainer of all time in a year or less."
"I hope that you live your life—each precious day of it—with joy and meaning"
Now you can satisfy your frozen yogurt craving without leaving the house. (via Cooking Light).
"They both have huge egos, and it's amusing to see they are getting along well"
She posted the picture during a trip with her boyfriend
Here's what science says is most important.
"Everyone likes emojis but not everyone is properly represented in emojis"
Skipping the weight room.
Security footage captured a woman falling off the ship
You've got to try this healthy spin on a childhood favorite. (via Cooking Light)
"Take it off! This is America!"
Performers from 42 countries will compete for the contest's top spot.
A police officer knew the truth before almost everyone else
It has little to do with genes for longevity.
Their meeting didn't quite go as planned
"Are you smart?"
Sometimes a glance can tell you how smart someone is.
Cara Delevingne: "No matter how many people like you and your work, it doesn't matter if you don't like yourself."
This is what the experts say you should do.
The one word you should stop using immediately.
They're not spending like their parents did.
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
Michael Kors: "My only two age rules are: Experiment like mad when you're young, and do the same thing when you're older."
"This policy is leading to ongoing opioid abuse."
2. As a hair rinse.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
Or you'll be exposed to hackers.
Time to catch some shut-eye.
You might want to reconsider putting on those skinny jeans.
Money isn't everything.
9. Practice when the stakes are low.
The consequences are drastic.
They aren't the same.
Good night, insomnia.
3. "A gluten-free diet may actually make it harder for doctors to tell if your child has celiac disease."
Incredible.
Simon Cowell makes an appearance on Sunday's episode, too.
"We have a whole section for your… situation."
Ellen DeGeneres: "Becky, I have to go. I'm gonna call you back. But I do love what you're doing with your hair. It looks good."
The Walking Dead actors are also good Samaritans.
Megan Fox: "There are just certain things boys should never see their mothers do."
"I want Taco Bell."
"Even in states that have had more progressive gender identity policies in place for a while, like New York, unforeseen headaches have arisen."
This man wants to be the first Satanist elected to state government: "If I have to tell people I'm the devil to get them to listen, then, OK, I'm the devil."
In a Craigslist ad, the owner wrote that the 1,000-pound bison, "does not potty in the house" and is somewhat like "a precious gigantic dog."
"The postpartum depression I have been experiencing has impacted every aspect of my life."
Did your profession make the list?
Transgender teen Nicole Maines explains why access to public school bathrooms is a civil right, and what it's like growing up trans in America
1. Identify your company's center of gravity.
Middle class means you are earning two-thirds to double the national median income, according to Pew Research.
Buzz Aldrin: "Be careful what you dream—it just might come to pass, so be prepared."
Did your favorite series get the axe?
Michael Strahan: "You changed my life."
Drake: "Beard making an epic comeback in 2 weeks."
Ouch.
The Obama Administration is writing a letter to every public school district in the United States warning them to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity.
Jimmy Fallon challenged Drake to a game of "Faceketball."
It's called "batching."
Serena Williams: "I thought 'what the heck, I'm gonna try a piece, it looks good.'"
Luckily, today is the only Friday the 13th of the year.
4. How to create an emergency fund.
"Real men don't go around dissing Muslims and Mexicans."
The latest edition of the game will come out in August.
The area is being closed off by air and road as engineers build what looks like the Millennium Falcon on a clifftop
He often makes controversial Facebook posts.
'Coloring Book' is available to stream and download on Apple Music.
What to use if someone doesn't want to be referred to as "he" or "she."
In Bolivia, it's legal for children from the age of 10 to work.
Terrorism, kidnappings and beheadings have made the southern Philippines a no-go zone for tourists.
What you buy in food stores and restaurants often isn't what it seems.
"Why did the 9/11 hero, Sarah Rudder, pick herself up when she fell, just meters from the finish line, and push on for a silver medal? Invictus!"
Yoweri Museveni called the International Criminal Court, "a bunch of useless people."
"There are no shortcuts to true excellence."
Fifteen inmates will face the firing squad.
2. Connect with empathy.
The six-word title translates to "Lord Prime Minister and Supreme Military Commander."
"Spending your entire life trying to tiptoe around possible disappointments is really only exhausting and counterproductive."
Duterte says he will visit the Vatican to personally apologize to Pope Francis.
Virtual reality will get more physical.
Ten U.S. sailors were seized by Iran in January after their boats had apparently strayed into Iranian territorial waters.
Facebook denies the accusations.
Between 2014 and 2015, there was an 80% increase in the number of girls 18 and younger receiving genital plastic surgery.
And is it better to make small tweaks or big lifestyle changes?
"I was fortunate enough to be allowed the opportunity to sample the great, legendary Aaliyah's song," T.I. told TIME.
"If I have to tell people I'm the devil to get them to listen, then, OK, I'm the devil."
3. Be your own first user.
"It's probably the one time we've seen Littlefinger slip up."
"I'm a girls' girl. I like the dynamic of that."
A background check may not be performed
What do you think?
Beautiful drone footage captures fields of colorful tulips.
Hint: It wasn't a watch or a tie.
"It's sort of weird, being honored for the worst day in your life."
Drake will show off his acting chops this week on Saturday Night Live.
Barack Obama "should have been taken out by our military and shot as an enemy agent," he wrote in a Facebook post.
Reese's lovers may need to sit down for this.
Good news for Harry Potter fans.
Would you like a sauna with that burger?
Azealia Banks also tweeted at 14-year-old Disney star Skai Jackson.
According to Trevor Noah, the resemblance goes far beyond a similar hairstyle.
Malaysia confirms 2 new pieces of debris from missing Flight 370 have been discovered.
TIME's new cover: Capitalism. The markets are choking our economy. How to save it http://ti.me/1T7OcbA
6. Take risks.
Taylor Swift dances like no one's watching.
Try this tactic.
Megyn Kelly: "I just always felt that taking the high road was the better course."
11-year old Anderson Cooper had an eye for talent.
1. Take time to separate your thoughts from your emotions.
The rapper has been dropped from headlining a U.K. festival over the offensive tweets.
It will be the most expensive high-school stadium in the country.
It is being described on an auction website as "an American Firearm Icon."
'Alice Through the Looking Glass' opens in theaters on May 27.
Hyperloop One just successfully tested its propulsion system in the Nevada desert.
The man was found with a life-threatening medical condition in his home, and was unable to get help.
A Chinese state-run paper called the British press "narcissistic and baring their fangs."
The fresh tracks are unofficially dubbed "Step Into the Light" and "It Can Never Be the Same."
80% of the world's urban population lives with unsafe air pollution.
The camp is home to 330,000 mostly Somali refugees.
'Discovery Girls' is a magazine for girls 8 to 12 years old.
Ferdinand Marcos Junior's late father ran the country under a brutal dictatorship for 20 years.
Sherra Gyalgen Sherpa led a group of 9 to the world's tallest peak.
Try this trick to curb office snacking.
The LGBT community in the Philippines has faced public ridicule by politicians and celebrities.
Nature lovers and The Lord of the Rings Trilogy fans have been told to steer clear.
Five scraps of the missing MH370 jet have now been discovered around the Indian Ocean.
"300 million dollars are spent each year on treating the complications from unsafe abortions."
"There was never enough time, money, opportunity, love, praise and possessions. You can quickly see how that mindset can lead to an unfulfilling existence."
To sustain you between trips to the beach.
"We believe he will be the lone protector of mankind."
Some might consider it an underrated skill.
No juice-fasting necessary.
"The Red Wedding, today, feels as if it happened on a different show."
Chelsea Handler: "I respectfully reserve a table for one in the restaurant of life."
Calling all burrito lovers.
Drew Barrymore: "It's so shameful and hard to actually go through that, even privately."
It has to do with a major prophesy
5 of the Solomon Islands have disappeared into the sea because of climate change.
Indulge in some early '00s nostalgia.
"John Krasinski and Jenna Fischer wanted to stay separated from one another until the actual moment they were doing the scene."
John Legend: "Funny there's no dad-shaming."
Did your favorite airline make the cut?
Ronan Farrow: "There is more work to do to build a culture where women like my sister are no longer treated as if they are invisible."
Meet "Anna and Garfunkel."
She recommends a $15,000 toy.
Queen Elizabeth caught on camera saying Chinese officials were "very rude" during Xi Jinping's state visit.
From a healthcare worker to a woman in tech.
"There won't be a day from now until November when Donald J. Trump isn't on every TV channel."
"What nobody considered is there's a whole other group of people that it really impacts."
Sorry, Justin Bieber fans.
Donald J. Trump: "They're so impressed with what our country will become that they decided to do this before the fact."
Stephen Curry's adorable daughter stole the show.
Feeling hungry?
It has to do with what researchers call the "playground effect."
Jimmy Kimmel thinks he has a solution to California's ongoing drought.
What the Internet had to say about Stephen Curry being the first ever unanimous MVP.
Ronan's sister Dylan accused Woody Allen of sexual abuse
The average student borrower takes about 20 years to repay his or her loans.
Revel in all of Han's gloriously sarcastic space cowboy antics.
The Harry Potter star said she did it for privacy not financial gain
"These moments taught me that being a feminist has nothing to do with the warped, sensationalized picture that had been painted for me."
Australian immigration officials said the 26-year-old died after a series of cardiac arrests.
"I looked in the mirror and I literally couldn't name one thing that I loved about myself."
"That is so meta."
She faces 15 years in prison.
"Pretty soon, this chapter of history is ending."
Her Majesty was caught off guard at a palace reception voicing her opinion.
Kepler's planet-hunters have added 1,284 new exoplanets to the roster of known worlds orbiting stars other than our sun.
Think he's just a boor? Here's why you're wrong.
The Internet hasn't forgotten.
Diggs went from being a catering company's delivery driver to a Tony-nominated actor in the space of about a year.
The leader of Bangladesh's largest Islamic party, was convicted of genocide, rape and the massacre of intellectuals.
You may want to get in touch with your feelings.
You could be sitting on a goldmine.
Funny Or Die provides some comic relief.
Still drinking skim milk?
Consider the gauntlet thrown.
Stephen Curry became the first unanimous MVP in NBA history.
Remember this strategy.
"Be flexible because you never know what's going to come your way."
Anthony Bourdain: "I think people only eat it because they're bored."
"I thought it wouldn't be an issue, but it was an issue"
Not so fast, Beetlejuice fans.
What does BYOD stand for?
Was your name a trendsetter or a bandwagon choice?
About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed or damaged in the wildfire.
Budweiser just renamed its beer 'America.'
Another Game of Thrones theory has emerged.
Arianna Huffington: "How often have we woken up with clarity about a problem or having resolved an emotional issue? That's why dreams are so important."
Or in the fresh food section at the grocery store.
7. They break up large tasks into smaller tasks.
Jared Leto's tactic was a little unconventional.
Stephen Curry won the first unanimous MVP vote in NBA history.
The producers even went so far as to burn any evidence that Khloé Kardashian and Kris Jenner had been on set.
Meghan Trainor: "I called the Gods of Vevo, and I said, 'Take that down now.'"
Beyoncé has also been playing "Purple Rain" in between songs during the Formation World Tour.
"What I said was I don't like the word squad because it does create exclusivity. But it was never against Taylor Swift, and it was never against her squad."
Will Ferrell: "Everyone who's anyone knows that the best steaks in the world are of course, Trump steaks. But you can't cut something classy with something trashy."
The beer company wants you to know that it's as American as apple pie.
Breaking news: President Obama will become the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima since the 1945 bombing.
3. Make every to-do actionable.
Are artificial sweeteners too good to be true?
"Surround yourself with strong positive people who see the very best in you, and it may encourage you to bring great things to others."
Watch James Corden and Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" parody.
Star Wars mania has hit Ireland after the Millennium Falcon was constructed on a clifftop in preparation for filming
Certain states have it worse than others.
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton sang together on The Voice.
You can vent about the queue length at ihatethewait.com.
Viv can do things Siri can't.
Fiery Cross is a showpiece of China's South China Sea presence.
"With him, what you see is what you get."
There are 390,000 known plant species in the world.
Money will go towards kitting out the IRC's mobile health clinics.
"The Glyph is a movie theater for your face."
"From those to whom much is given, much is expected."
"If Donald Trump becomes the president I'll be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith."
"Junk should not be a food group."
A Muslim minority is being deprived of the right to use its own name.
Trump doesn't even come close.
The Eighth Wonder of the World is getting his own biopic.
Turnout for the election was a whopping 81%.
Users "may not be aware of the secret strings Facebook is pulling behind the scenes."
Even the $1,599 passes are gone.
1. Turn down the thermostat.
They took the name of the parade, "Running of the Goats" a little too literally.
1. Make your learning bucket list.
Barack Obama: "There will be times when you shouldn't compromise your core values, your integrity, and you will have the responsibility to speak up in the face of injustice."
Almost anything is possible in the world of Game of Thrones.
"It's been a defining role in my life."
Maple Match says it's "for Americans to find the ideal Canadian partner to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency"
Kesha's heartfelt performance drew a standing ovation from the audience.
Studies confirm that boys and girls are born fundamentally, behaviorally different
Khloé Kardashian: "Next time you see me in a knee brace, you know why!"
Mercury crossed in front of the rising sun this morning, a rare event seen from Earth only 13 or 14 times each century.
Do you sleep like an American or a Spaniard?
Breaking news: The American bison is now the national mammal of the United States, officially joining the bald eagle as a national symbol.
Kim Kardashian West confirmed the news on Sunday night's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians on E!.
"He has the physical countenance of a man and a baby's temperament and hands."
Are you a Sophia or an Ashley? A Jason or a Landon?
This rare event occurs only about 13 times each century.
Intense footage captures an enormous tornado touching down in Colorado.
Some Game of Thrones fans are speculating about that wolf head.
The anxiety-inducing process of flying seems to be fueling an uptick.
"I hope she'd be sitting up there having her own little party and looking down."
Forget friendship bracelets.
Chris Hemsworth: "What happens when the bakery says they don't have time to make your daughter a birthday cake? You get involved and smash one out yourself!"
Terrifying.
Get out that telescope.
"I didn't want to have to ask the Queen because I didn't want to have to back her into the corner."
Even the actor is getting in on the fun.
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 3rd episode of season 6
Could you be more patient?
Decision time for North Carolina's LGBT law.
The transit of Mercury is upon us.
The two sides of Trump.
It's estimated that Project Rebirth cost $516,000.
Amal was threatened, beaten and even kidnapped by Al-Shabaab militants for her activism.
Hint: It's not the U.S.
Some of the best quotes from TV moms on life, love and money.
"Look at failure as an inevitable."
Other American companies have not had much luck when it comes to trademark protection in China.
Try this tactic.
More than 100 foreign journalists are in the capital for North Korea's first party congress in 36 years.
But looks don't come cheap.
"It just doesn't make any sense," says the former head of the DEA.
"Keeping your skills current will energize you, stave off any potential boredom and show your employer that you are thinking ahead."
2. Acknowledge out loud that it's going to be tense.
Who will be the next President of the Philippines?
"Not everything is going to pan out perfectly for you or the person whose talent you're fostering."
"And now it begins."
From the surprising cameo to the shocking ending.
Game of Thrones grappled with issues of faith in multiple plotlines.
Contains spoilers for the final episode of 'The Good Wife.'
Election fever sweeps the Philippines.
"A mother's sensitivity and responsiveness in the first few years of a child's life has lifelong consequences."
Feeling hungry?
From English peas to frozen pizza.
"You have enriched the fabric of my life, you have colored it."
Travel should be pleasurable — not stressful.
This photographer documented 3 generations of motherhood in her family for more than 40 years.
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
Do the men and women in your country get enough shut-eye?
6. Tap the camera app's hidden features.
This is Amazon's secret weapon.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
"I have learned how to combat feelings of grief, anger, sadness, guilt"
"All that really matters is that you have two parents who love you more than anything."
The picture shows 16 black female cadets wearing their uniforms with their fists raised
Learn how to bake a homemade hummingbird cake. (via Southern Living)
It's the band's first album since 2011
New research shows how important your relationship with your mom is
La La Anthony: "Wealth and success are short-lived without a strong work ethic and above all else, a gracious and grateful attitude."
It's a brand new way to celebrate Mother's Day
Think about these categories.
"Batman v Superman" and "Captain America: Civil War" share eerily similarities when it comes to moms
"The aging and getting ill and passing away, it's part of life"
These adorable first graders really love their moms.
"What these incredible mothers have provided is a treasure trove of feminist wisdom"
"Teigen's take on new motherhood is a useful anthropological snapshot of the practices of new mothers in the United States of 2016."
House Speaker Paul Ryan refused to back presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
The winning numbers were 5-25-26-44-66 and the Powerball number was 9
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
Jillian Michaels: "I'll carry you until you're strong enough to stand on your own two feet."
3. Superfoodify your smoothie.
From Judy Garland and a young Liza Minnelli, to Jackie Kennedy and her daughter Caroline.
"The spirit of brunch is in stark contrast to the weekday ritual of choking on a banana as you run for the subway."
Campaigning against Mother's Day is a surefire way to sound like a grouch—but that didn't stop one woman.
"Remember—you work hard for your paycheck. So take a few minutes to make sure it's accurate."
What's the secret to living to 100?
A peek into kitchens from Norway to Kuwait.
Remember that time she broke the Internet?
The best cities for your well-being.
Hubble still has close to a decade of life left to it.
Are you more narcissistic than the average American?
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
Bill Gates barely made the list.
Tori Spelling: "You chose me for a reason."
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
Sia has written songs for Beyoncé, Adele, Britney Spears, Katy Perry—and the list goes on.
4. Cleopatra.
Don't rely on it for a major caffeine boost.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
There have been at least 49 selfie-related deaths in the last two years.
1. You buy new stuff just because it's new.
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
5. You can't have everything.
2. Don't vent your anger.
It's Nyquist!
What percentage of your paycheck will you automate toward your retirement?
What would you learn how to do?
3. Drink more water.
You're not going to want fries with this.
Put down the cotton swab.
"They tell me that the woman was concerned that I was a terrorist because I was writing [strange] things on a pad of paper"
Hint: It's not the U.S.
Homemade peanut butter chocolate bars make a great grab-and-go snack. (via Cooking Light)
He asked the crowd "to learn to truly love one another" in the spirit of Prince
See which patties made the biggest impact on the burger industry—and the world at large.
"It's clear that homework does have an impact, but it's not always a good one."
Romney met with a #NeverTrump leader to discuss the idea of an independent run
These carrot cake sandwich cookies are a new way to enjoy a classic dessert. (via Cooking Light)
It could make VR games more viable
They even rode on broomsticks
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
The blaze now covers about 386 square miles
Add these to your not-to-do list.
Sadiq Khan hailed his victory as the triumph of "hope over fear and unity over division"
Is it better to go cold turkey?
6. Social media mistakes live forever.
For those of you who are always on the go.
Don't try this at home.
Which smartphone is right for you?
Which list is your school on?
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
She inspired a whole group of strangers to join in.
2. Be as inconspicuous as possible.
1. Your dream job is a dud.
4. Preface your workout with carbs.
"It's important to pick and choose your battles."
A larger paycheck may not be the key to solving your problems.
Most people don't know there is a simple trick to get a cheaper flight.
Get ready for a sugar rush.
It's not what you think.
"I love how everybody gets to have an opinion about what women are going to do with themselves."
"Excellence is being willing to learn and be humble. Arrogance is being unwilling to listen."
1. Find one clear, strong idea—and then run with it.
Two retired officers on ways to make the military a better place for the 200,000 female soldiers who serve.
"Even a part-time job today requires a full-time commitment."
"Don't let yourself be a victim of inertia."
The Game of Thrones speculation continues.
"I will never experience and understand all of the challenges most single moms face, but I understand a lot more than I did a year ago."
Do you sleep like an American or a Spaniard?
3. He was discovered by Steven Spielberg at a bat mitzvah.
It's not what you think.
This dashcam footage reveals how terrifying it is to try and escape Canada's raging wildfire.
This is not a drill.
President Obama responds to Donald J. Trump's campaign: "We are in serious times, and this is a really serious job. This is not entertainment. This is not a reality show."
Out of the pile of cast-off carbs, there are some you might want to keep.
The Simpsons fans can dial a 1-888 number and talk to him for three minutes.
Justin Bieber's throwback picture bumped Kendall Jenner from the top spot.
Previewing Marvel's new movie 'Captain America: Civil War'
"I haven't Googled anything, I just walk up to people and ask them questions."
Did your name make the list?
From cake pops in Hawaii to fitness trackers in New Jersey.
Adorable.
Kristen Bell: "I shatter a little bit when I think people don't like me."
Incredible.
Neither couple has visited a nude beach.
4. I still have a right to privacy.
"Many believe that the word 'vegan' automatically means nutritious, and that's not always the case."
"The mommy wars are not just about whose kids turn out better; it's also about which mom suffers the most along the way."
Amber Rose: "You will grow up knowing what true love is."
Morales will replace 'Access Hollywood' co-host Billy Bush.
"If I had only said what the Twitter-length version said I'd said, I'd be mad at me too."
Before the punitive spirit takes hold.
Freud famously held sexuality to be at the root of most pathologies of the human brain.
"Pay transparency in and of itself doesn't necessarily help close the gender pay gap."
But fans of the name ''Boaty McBoatface" won't be too disappointed.
She reportedly blew $750,000 on handbags and luxury items alone.
"Will we be allowed to stay, if the U.K. votes to leave the E.U?"
"If you are not happy with your situation, you can always change it."
Gibson built a food and lifestyle advice brand on the lie that she had terminal brain cancer.
"Yes, it is actually a real thing."
The track is available on iTunes and Spotify.
More than 80,000 residents have fled their homes.
Why is the frontrunner a man who jokes about rape and killing his children?
Las Vegas' Hard Rock Hotel & Casino will host the show starting next March.
Phil Lord and Chris Miller will direct the film.
"We understand what they're feeling. When you lose everything, you have to start from zero."
There may be more to the gentle giant than meets the eye.
"The springs on the San Andreas system have been wound very, very tight."
The festival will roll over two weekends, Sept. 30 to Oct. 2, and Oct. 7 to 9.
Ivanka Trump: "I hope that in my leading by example, you'll each make your own decisions and chart your own course."
The ad seeks to introduce more of America to families with transgender children.
A real-life deer in headlights.
"I've been on some truly awful first dates, but I've learned to embrace the slow train wreck that they inevitably turn into."
"He realizes something about his life now: He has to live it, because that's all there is."
Trump said they didn't have to turn out
Kylie Jenner released a song titled 'Beautiful Day,' which samples the 'Mr. Rogers' theme song.
The driver said the woman was "obviously a socialist"
Today is Adele's 28th birthday.
This 8-year-old girl asked President Obama to speak with her about Flint's water crisis. She convinced him to visit Flint, and today they finally met.
Madonna: "If you have a problem with the way I dress it is simply a reflection of your prejudice."
Taylor Swift beat out artists like Adele and One Direction.
Donald J. Trump: "I love Hispanics!"
What do Bill Gates and Stephen Hawking think?
"Did you see her walk? That's a runway walk."
A conversation with former NASA astronaut Buzz Aldrin, the second person to walk on the moon.
Elon Musk called it "our biggest existential threat."
Do you remember this Game of Thrones character?
The tastiest way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo. (via Cooking Light)
Prince's estate is estimated to be worth between $150 and $300 million.
They're looking flashier than ever.
The Force is strong with Barack Obama and Michelle Obama.
Is Janet Jackson pregnant?
DJ Khaled explains how to bless up.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! (via Cooking Light)
Britney Spears: "I pray you laugh, love and soar through your journey of life."
'Trump' spoils Game of Thrones so 'Obama' threatens to "go Lemonade" on him.
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
The group sang "Hollaback Girl."
Why would the biggest of fish stay in the small pond of Minnesota?
TIME's new cover: The Zika virus. Is the next public health crisis in your backyard?  http://ti.me/1T0jgZs
"I saw that photo, and I had to say something."
Beyoncé performed in North Carolina as part of her Formation World Tour.
"An out-of-control wildfire that is bearing down on you makes a sound like a freight train."
IBM wants to remove some of the mystery surrounding quantum computing.
1. Say their name…a lot.
"In London, you can actually smell the pollution."
People have begun to dream of a hi-tech fashion future.
And to become a more transparent leader.
Neil Prakash was killed along with a dozen other ISIS fighters in Mosul.
Try these methods.
Charla Nash was mauled in 2009 by her employer's 200-pound pet chimpanzee.
The rape and murder of a schoolgirl has brought Indonesia's culture of sexual violence into focus.
How to get the most out of Facebook's chat app.
Brazil's president is facing impeachment over allegations her administration violated fiscal laws.
"Let go of the FOMO, put the blinders on, and execute on your pursuits."
Channing Tatum: "It should be woman-empowering instead of just about the guys getting naked."
"If I'm not pregnant, why should I care?"
How was your year as a mom?
The state of North Carolina has effectively been warned by the Department of Justice.
The restaurant said the women "violated company policies."
Do you pay for the premium app?
Why so red?
It had nothing to do with diet or exercise.
This 94-year-old former SS guard is being charged as an accessory to at least 170,000 murders: "If the system, in the end, does the right thing, it's better than not doing it."
It's intended as the 21st century's answer to the Post-It note-covered family fridge.
George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush won't endorse anyone in 2016
A group of animal rights activists found out that the couple was raising, slaughtering, and eating animals at their Northern California farm.
They're all going to come together
"The crime is so enormous—it's not a forgivable crime. It's a crime to be analyzed and learned from."
See the emotional moment when two brothers who were separated by the Holocaust finally meet. (via Aida's Secrets)
Black Panther, the first black superhero in comic book history, is making his silver screen debut in 'Captain America: Civil War.'
Is this America's next First Family?
There were a lot of takes.
President Obama is preparing to declare the area around New York's Stonewall Inn the country's first national monument to gay rights.
Seth Rogen: "The sheer fact that the women and men don't have equal rights and opportunities I think, by definition, makes it sexist."
Donald J. Trump was on the phone with TIME when he found out John Kasich dropped out.
The specialist's son was allegedly the person who called 911.
"Republicans must choose between the path of statesmen—or the one of a tyrant."
"I find it really offensive for anyone to try and change the way you look so drastically."
J.K. Rowling: "The idea that anybody believes this is strangely upsetting to me."
"I will have to, in a good way, spend the rest of my life trying to fill that void as much as possible. And so will William."
Candid photos of the star in honor of her birthday.
She wasn't interested in playing the part of the girlfriend.
Prince Harry has devised a plan to avoid "the disappointment on their faces when they see me without a crown or a cape."
For him, it's personal.
Happy Star Wars Day.
Today would have been the icon's 87th birthday.
What an 8-year-old girl from Flint wants from President Obama.
From Doctor Strange to Ghost in a Shell, Hollywood has a habit of casting white actors in Asian roles.
"Push and be pushed."
The son of a bus driver goes up against the son of a billionaire
There must be a collaboration in the works
The iPhone has an unwelcome competitor in China.
The doctor was called because the artist was "dealing with a grave medical emergency," the report says.
Around 1,600 Chinese people were jailed in relation to the weeks-long democracy protest that was violently suppressed.
Water supplies will become "more erratic and uncertain," World Bank warns.
"You can strengthen your body and mind at the same time."
Tilda Swinton, Vin Diesel and Gisele Bündchen joined Cuban musicians for the fashion show.
Kenya suspects the medics of plotting a biological attack and recruiting university students to join ISIS.
2. Use anecdotes to illustrate your strengths.
The case has drawn comparisons to the deadly 2012 gang rape of a woman in New Delhi.
Before her death, Berta Caceres complained of repeated threats warning her to stop leading protests against a hydroelectric project.
Channing Tatum appeared on the first episode of 'Speechless With Carly Fleischmann.'
Jani says he will use the money to buy a new bike.
Topics ranged from how they both got their start, to the best way to inspire others to take action.
A change of heart saved Scrubs from deletion.
Beyoncé was due back on stage.
Fleeing residents have congested the main highway to and from the city.
"It's restoring hope in the whole sports world."
"We gave it everything we've got but the voters chose another path."
Cruz wagered that the way to win the White House was to run as an uncompromising conservative.
Add these to your bucket list.
"Do I have as many friends as I should?"
2. Institute 'no-tech Sundays.'
Several members of Turkey's parliament were injured in a fistfight that broke out over changes to the country's constitution.
Conservative group sending men in to Target's women's restrooms to challenge transgender policy http://ti.me/1SXuLRk
It's Game of Thrones vs. The Lord of the Rings Trilogy.
Trump is nearer to grasping his party's presidential nomination than ever before
2. Grate parmesan cheese at room temperature.
"Collectively, the problem of medical care gone wrong kills a substantial number of people in the United States"
Lyrics include "Kill! Kill! Kill!"
"I know I have fans and lots of supporters around the world but hearing Prince say those words was an ultimate compliment."
He claims he was "killed professionally through boredom."
From Tamagotchis to a 'Lemonade'-inspired pin.
Jimmy Kimmel is trying his hand at morning television.
Patton Oswalt: "She hasn't left a void. She's left a blast crater."
SeaWorld's CEO has declared an end to killer whales posing, dancing and kissing, promising to present the animals as they would live in the wild.
Will you watch this unlikely duo?
"Gay girls are princesses too."
Is a new Radiohead album coming next?
From Google Glass to Fitbit.
Scientists just discovered the 3 most Earth-like planets ever observed outside our solar system.
Pleats or potato chips? Metallic dress or Hershey's Kiss?
Justin Trudeau: "Oh, hey, I just thought I'd show our friends in the U.S. and the U.K. how Canada brings it."
Time to take a road trip.
Beyoncé was chosen for being a "force of nature."
Kate Upton debuted her ring at the Met Gala.
Here's how it works.
It's the second track from 'Good Times!' The Monkees' first album in 20 years.
A breakdown of their arguments.
Many colleges encourage them.
How to keep your shoes smelling fresh all season long.
The temple plans to give blessed gold amulets to each of the club's players.
Imagine a caramel waffle cone as a drink
The search engine has endured criticism for instances in which dubious medical practices were promoted in paid search results.
How a team overcame odds of 5,000 to 1 to win the world's biggest league
An astounding victory.
The 'Endeavour' is the ship the British explorer sailed to reach Australia in 1770.
Do people turn off part of their brain after turning on the ignition?
"This is beyond my wildest dreams!"
"Pick a task, focus on that task exclusively for 25 minutes and then stop and take a five-minute break. Repeat."
From zero to heroes.
The scandal has engulfed numerous figures at the top of Brazilian politics.
Spoilers ahead!
At least one of those arrested worked for the hydroelectric project that Caceres opposed.
Some of the evening's most memorable looks
Where there are Earth-like conditions there could be Earth-like life.
Start planning your next road trip.
It's interview prep 101.
From the glamorous to the outrageous.
Inspiring.
Beyoncé made an enormous stir at the Met Gala.
George R.R. Martin could be switching it up.
It's called "The Headless Women of Hollywood."
Let the nostalgia begin.
The reason might surprise you.
This year's theme is "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology"
"She is on magazine covers all of the time, but before British Vogue, she'd never actually consented to one."
Diplomacy at its finest.
Ringling Bros. circus has officially retired all of its elephants to live on a 200-acre nature reserve.
The app lacks the snooze button because Dwayne The Rock Johnson "is not a fan of that button."
The youngest royal could be responsible for boosting the U.K. economy by billions during her lifetime.
Beyoncé is the first artist to reach this achievement.
Happy first birthday, Princess Charlotte!
India has seen a number of accidental deaths involving selfies recently.
Barack Obama even called John Boehner for some advice.
Happy birthday, Princess Charlotte.
Dancing into a toy aisle near you.
The royal received gifts and cards from people in 64 countries.
A joke gone too far.
Find the perfect Mother's Day gift in the TIME Shop. Take 30% off with the promo code MOM30 http://ti.me/1SQANq4
The company got bombarded by racist tweets, which inspired a counter-protest praising the brand for its inclusiveness.
Chris Evans got a taste of his own medicine.
What you need to know about whether it's right for you.
Reviewing Game of Thrones' 2nd episode of season 6
Cold as ice.
We finally know who created Bitcoin.
The Dixie Chicks have clearly been drinking the Lemonade.
Amy Schumer: "I am grateful to people who like my work and support me but not the ones who think that behavior is ok."
'Game of Thrones' spoilers ahead!
Who is she sorry for knocking off this time?
She's still lovin' it.
"Being a male feminist means actively promoting feminism among men."
He is the fifth victim in a month of what are believed to be Islamic extremist attacks.
Plus the top 100 restaurants in the United States.
Other events on par with Leicester's victory at 5,000 to 1: Loch Ness monster proven to exist, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's next child being named "Sinner."
Two hikers found the bodies during their ascent of the world's 14th tallest mountain.
Here's the magic ratio.
The party supports a ban against minarets, muezzin calls and headscarves.
This is clever.
The the wall of secrecy around the deal has mostly made people angry and confused.
The animals will now live at Ringling's 200-acre Center for Elephant Conservation.
All the posts on Radiohead's Facebook page have been erased, as have all of their Tweets.
Carnival Corp.'s 704-passenger Adonia left Miami bound for Havana.
Warning: Spoilers ahead!
Dave Goldberg died suddenly at the age of 47.
Game of Thrones fans had plenty to say.
Spoilers for season 6, episode 2 ahead.
Good news for coffee lovers.
Find out the single best predictor of whether a relationship is working.
3. They are never wrong.
This will stave off hunger.
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
It's pretty simple.
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
Your mind — not your body — is holding you back.
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
Food can help you set the mood.
An outfit says a thousand words.
Move over, sports drinks.
How do you deal with out of control kids?
This hoverboard went the distance.
The First Daughter is taking some time off. She's not alone.
No oven required for this seasonal strawberry pie (via Cooking Light).
President Obama dropped the mic.
"I don't like to waste time where I'm not hearing new things or being creative."
Math homework just got way easier.
Larry Wilmore's closing line had the Internet abuzz.
This is the absolute best 20-minute macaroni and cheese recipe. (via Southern Living)
The First Daughter has picked a college.
"And with that, I just have two more words to say—Obama out."
1. Eat right away.
President Obama hits the gym every morning.
It's almost birthday time for Princess Charlotte.
"If this material goes well, I'll use it at Goldman Sachs next year. Earn me some serious Tubmans."
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Add these to your 2016 reading list.
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
This is what's sabotaging your workouts.
Feeling hungry?
"I think it's just to get attention. It's to get the likes. Everything's about the likes."
Are you really smarter than a fifth grader?
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
No more bad moods.
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
It's a pretty magical clip.
"Surprised they even allow 7-year-olds into those places? Think again."
3. Prep your intro lines.
It's hard not to be frightened of a drug that leaves a reptilian mark on its victims.
She was so happy that she teared up.
These animals receive more pampering than most people.
Live large, just not in a big house.
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
He took a few digs at Donald Trump.
"Something special appears to happen in the brain while the body floats."
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
It's science.
Where will you go?
A bucket list for book lovers.
Try adding these habits to your daily routine.
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
How does your state compare?
"A winky face may be creepy to one person and friendly to another."
Answer this one question to see.
Extra bouncy.
It's that time of year again.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
The judge gave her the most severe sentence possible based on the charges.
"Every generation has had to confront its own demagogues. And every generation has stood up and kept them away from the White House."
Brooklyn Decker: "As women and as moms we try to do it all but it sure ain't easy."
"To call this horrific would be an understatement."
It's nearly impossible to eat just one. (via Southern Living)
Thinking about moving abroad?
John Kasich: "I don't believe in discrimination."
6. Choose stone fruit.
"I make my own money and start my own businesses."
A healthy, fresh alternative that's perfect for spring weather. (via Cooking Light)
A giant step forward on behalf of pizza-lovers everywhere.
4 cues give it away.
The Russian plane "performed erratic and aggressive maneuvers," a Defense Department spokesperson said.
Have something to look forward to.
"While a 2018 Mars mission is not a sure thing, it's not crazy either."
Talk about checkmate.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
This is what the experts say you should do.
The consequences are drastic.
Find the perfect Mother's Day gift in the TIME Shop. Take 30% off with the promo code MOM30 http://ti.me/1pGFqFv
Talk positively to yourself.
Sometimes a glance can tell you how smart someone is.
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
Sometimes it seems like your brain just sits around creating lousy feelings and worries.
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
Parlez-vous Francais?
These are the foods you should be eating now.
Always make a good impression.
2. Label negative feelings.
Change the way you use Facebook.
The one word you should stop using immediately.
It's something no one really gets instruction in.
Good night, insomnia.
Not all jobs require a college diploma.
4. Get out the Scrabble board.
"It's certainly crazier things in this election than anything that I've ever seen in House of Cards."
Based on his experience last year.
Amy Schumer is using comedy to combat gun violence.
These are the 5 most surprising moments of Prince's career.
And 90% lose their wealth by the third.
"Nobody owes you anything. Lose the sense of entitlement."
You just have to ask the right way.
Barack Obama can crack a joke.
From their engagement announcement to the balcony kiss.
You might need to stay up past your bedtime.
Instant tortillas anyone?
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
Your brain making money looks a lot like your brain on cocaine.
It doesn't look real—but it is.
The composer who collaborated with Snowden described it as a "hectic, obsessive techno track."
Start saving, Prince fans.
The White House and Kensington Palace are both talking some major smack over the upcoming Invictus Games.
Who do you think is most influential?
Did your favorite make the list?
"Sorry snarkers and haters, this time Miley Cyrus may know something you don't."
She's calling it "meternity leave."
Protesters smashed a police car outside a Donald Trump rally last night.
Adorable.
Jennifer Lawrence: "It's really sad. I haven't felt the touch of a man in …"
Looking for love in the wrong places?
"This is What You Came For" is available on iTunes.
"I could carve out of a banana a justice with more backbone than that."
Most of the incidents involved unsecured handguns found by toddlers in purses, closets and cars.
Police in riot gear and on horseback broke up the protesters.
A survey released Tuesday shows he has 35% of the support.
Apple is opening up its CareKit framework to developers.
The pills prevent radioactive material from entering the thyroid, reducing the risk of cancer.
What you need to know about whether it's right for you.
The tale of the two "El Cordobés."
Cold-pressed juices are packed with sugar.
TIME goes aboard the U.S.S. John C. Stennis, a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, plowing through the waters of the South China Sea.
Fighting has escalated in recent weeks to levels not seen since August 2014.
The name of the album has been shortened from the original 'Views From the 6.'
How the White Helmets saved a toddler from the carnage of an airstrike.
"Thursday night's proceedings had a darker human side."
Is your smartphone sabotaging your relationship?
Stunning.
6. Picture the destination, appreciate the journey.
From pushing to put a woman on U.S. currency to naming a planet.
5. Don't hit snooze.
You may want to revamp your hygiene habits.
It hits theaters on Aug. 19.
Do you live in one of these towns?
Here's how Twitter reacted to John Boehner calling Ted Cruz "Lucifer in the flesh."
Incredible.
Put a Drake on it.
Leonardo DiCaprio's expression says it all.
Adorable.
An adorable otter pup born earlier this spring just made its big debut at the Bronx Zoo.
Keep your friends close.
It hopes to blaze a trail to the state becoming the definitive marijuana destination.
"The world is missing female characters."
Keeping Mark Zuckerberg safe doesn't come cheap.
"Then Red Lady took the choker off, brother / A-hickey hickey hickey, she's old as a mother."
Find the perfect Mother's Day gift in the TIME Shop. Take 30% off with the promo code MOM30 http://ti.me/1T5ptjJ
They danced like pros.
This pilot barely escapes a fiery plane crash with only minor injuries: "All hell was breaking loose."
Terrifying.
Beyoncé: "I wanna dedicate this song to my beautiful husband. I love you so much."
One of the mail recipients said he believes the cat was playing a game with the postman.
#TIME100 honorees strike power poses on the red carpet.
"I can't believe this is real."
Sorry, dog owners.
IQ is overrated.
The standouts you can expect to be hearing about.
The drop was not steady across all demographics.
The official cause of death will likely not be released for several weeks.
Ayrton was awarded the Royal Society's prestigious Hughes Medal for her contributions to physical sciences in 1906.
After a long hiatus blink-182 are back.
The Philippines' presidential frontrunner has waded into more controversy.
The native population of just 140 people play host to more than 10,000 refugees.
This 360-degree panorama shows the surface of Mars' Naukluft Plateau.
Researchers are learning that simply changing how you eat might be a key to weight loss.
More than 135 Tibetans have burned themselves since 2009, protesting against the rule of the Chinese Communist Party.
Eddy and Patsy are back, and it's fabulous.
The Kindle Oasis features a super-thin design, a bright screen and a very high price tag.
"Polio is a virus on the edge of extinction."
About 200 civilians have been killed in the past week.
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
Don't live outside your means.
Some Venezuelans reportedly complained that the country is starting to resemble the 'The Hunger Games,' in which districts suffer for the benefit of the capital city.
The animated adaptation will be rated R.
She has long been considered a contender for vice president.
The college's namesake was a known white supremacist.
"Reaching optimal productivity is about working smarter, not harder, and making the most of each day."
4. "I realized the world won't come crashing down if I leave something for tomorrow."
Star Wars meets Game of Thrones?
A little sunlight can go a long way.
But it won't have any astronauts in it.
Amal Clooney criticizes Donald J. Trump's proposed Muslim ban: "Do you mean the 1.5 billion people around the world who fit that description? Do you mean the people who are U.S. citizens, who are members of your military?"
"I'm going to tell him that the water's bad"
It's not George W. Bush.
A series of losing candidates have tried similar tactics
He made the most of his newfound celebrity status.
See the best moments from the #TIME100 Gala in 3 minutes.
Would you pay for Kobe Bryant's sweat?
Lots of Purple Rain in the forecast.
Donald J. Trump: "The only card she has is the woman's card." Hillary Clinton: "If fighting for women's health care, and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the woman card, then deal me in."
Melania Trump added that if she were to become First Lady, she would take after Jackie Kennedy as a "traditional" FLOTUS.
The value of Prince's estate isn't known.
"Welcome to motherhood: the land of judgment."
The monkey was a little camera-shy.
Gisele Bündchen: "I remember some people telling me my nose was too big or my eyes were too small, that I could never be on a magazine cover."
The series lives to see another summer.
They met up after a performance of 'Dry Powder,' an off-Broadway play that John Krasinski is starring in.
See Team USA demonstrate their skills in Times Square 100 days out from the Olympics
"We wouldn't say it to their faces, so let's not type it."
"I think my mom's Instagram posts are totally crazy–in the best way."
Amy Schumer:  "Now I'm going to have to go and be a speaker at high schools and, like, motivate people."
9. Practice when the stakes are low.
If you're craving French fries, swap them for oven-baked potato thins.
John Green: "You get better. You get worse. You get better again. Sometimes you're driving the bus and sometimes you aren't, but the bus rumbles along regardless."
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
A look back on 'The Onion's peerless political coverage through the years.
Featuring Priyanka Chopra, Karlie Kloss and comedians Aziz Ansari and Trevor Noah.
He's basically the opposite of Jon Snow.
"We did not anticipate the asylum seekers to be kept as long as they have."
The two-and-a-half-year civil war displaced more than two million people in what has become one of the word's worst human rights catastrophes.
Iran's dress code requires women be modestly covered from head to toe.
The discovery shocked archaeologists.
"If happiness is important to you, you need to give it priority."
Meet the AnBot, China's newest recruit in the fight against terrorism.
Lewis Hamilton asked a room full of some of the world's most influential people to raise a glass to Prince. #TIME100
State employees will only work two days a week in the face of the country's epic power shortages.
Who struck the best pose at the #TIME100 Gala?
Hear Nicki Minaj perform 'Feeling Myself' at the #TIME100 Gala.
Melissa McCarthy: "None of you have picked the easy way." #TIME100
Donald J. Trump thinks they should quit while they're ahead. #TIME100
From Aziz Ansari to Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus: "When I go out into the real world, and I meet politicians, they all think we're making fun of the other guy." #TIME100
Caitlyn Jenner said she has met with a "think tank" of Republican lawmakers who are "really dedicated" to changing laws related to the LGBT community. #TIME100
Melissa McCarthy: "I realized I had missed it way more than I had thought." #TIME100
Nicki Minaj: "I'm very political and I would like to dedicate a song in the spirit of unity to Joe Biden and Donald J. Trump." #TIME100
Hear Ariana Grande perform at the #TIME100 Gala.
It's not what you think. #TIME100
Priyanka Chopra: "I just think you can't put a ban on anyone." #TIME100
Melissa McCarthy: "I also don't think when we're done we just float away. I think we're still around." #TIME100
Could this be Karlie Kloss' next project? #TIME100
From Donald J. Trump to Caitlyn Jenner. #TIME100
She's no stranger to tough negotiations. #TIME100
From a U.S. Olympic fencer to a Chinese fashion designer. #TIME100
Talking with honorees on the TIME 100 Gala red carpet
These two things will keep you going back to the gym.
"Try to steer the social activity into something you like, or at least something that's more accommodating for you."
Find the perfect Mother's Day gift in the TIME Shop. Take 30% off with the promo code MOM30 http://ti.me/1SN3uUH
You may want to rethink this hue for your sheets.
Dr. Jane Goodall: "Every single one of us makes an impact on the planet every single day, and we get to choose what sort of impact that is."
"I don't have any friends who don't have debt from school."
Pizza Hut was too busy to take the order, but Domino's Pizza came through.
Ryan Reynolds donated $5,000 toward the fund.
Tyka Nelson is Prince's only surviving full sibling.
"It's easier to turn to rage and a desire to attack another person than it is to deal with shame."
Oops.
Yes, Prince wore a double-breasted crushed blue velvet suit for the event.
"Beyoncé drives a monster truck over parked cars. That is like how white men wish we could drive a monster truck over parked cars. Some things are universal."
"I needed a couple of days to gather my thoughts. After 26 years with this company, I earned the right."
Samantha Bee didn't hold back.
Rachel Roy: "There is no validity to the idea that the song references me personally. There is no truth to the rumors."
James Corden is giving Beyoncé a run for her money.
Investing "can build your wealth….not by a little, but by enough to make a real difference in your life."
Ariana Grande popped by The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon for some lip-syncing fun.
"I feel like I can see the music."
The uptick comes despite more public awareness about the health risks of excess weight.
"There is no other character in Marvel history that is such a cultural landmine."
This is where you should go for that step up onto the career ladder.
"April 26, 1986 was the darkest day in the history of nuclear power."
"Realistically speaking a military involvement would be difficult to avoid given the extent of Libya's problems."
Australia houses 850 refugees and illegal immigrants on the Papuan island of Manus.
Researchers found that people who took omega 3s with antidepressants reported fewer depressive symptoms compared to people taking antidepressants alone.
The group behind the abduction and beheading of Canadian John Ridsdel had pledged allegiance to ISIS.
Facebook says users are sharing less and less about their lives.
Activists say there is a widespread attack on religious institutions in China.
Previously, women had never been allowed to look inside.
Stunning.
"These women have been ignored, mocked and sometimes forced off their own shows by overwhelmingly male executives."
The report documents signs of torture on at least 17 suspects who have been arrested over the student disappearances.
Apple, Google, WhatsApp and Viber have all beefed up the encryption on their software.
Who you gonna call?
Michelle Obama: "No one—no one—ever succeeds in this world by playing small."
It's not your average celebrity memoir.
Does your daily commute involve zoo animals and a clown?
"Donald J. Trump Elementary" was the most-suggested name with 45 nominations.
It has over 217 names on it.
It promises a dining experience fit for a Sith Lord, a Rebel Commander, or even a golden god adored by the Ewoks.
Instead, SNL will offer advertisers the chance to partner with the sketch show to create original branded content
Heartwarming.
"North Carolina's discriminatory HB2 law is extremely disappointing, and it takes away some of the LGBT community's most basic rights and protections"
Ellen Pompeo thinks Grey's Anatomy is thriving without her former co-star.
The pair had a top-secret meeting at Trump Tower earlier this month
The Force is with her.
He raised over $7,000.
The perfect afternoon pick-me-up. (via Cooking Light)
"'Lemonade' suggests that Beyoncé ultimately forgives JAY Z—or whomever she is singing about—and reconciles with him. But that choice might not be right for every couple."
1. What is the status of Beyoncé and JAY Z's relationship?
Maisie Williams even placed her bets on Jon Snow's fate.
Amy Schumer: Jennifer Lawrence "likes red wine, I like red wine, it's a marriage made in heaven."
Kelly Clarkson: "Meet Remy, our newest addition to the family!"
A designer is "certain" that her concepts were copied.
Hugh Jackman tweeted the letter 'W' along with the brief clip.
Good news for Drake and Future fans.
Breaking news: Cleveland agrees to pay the family of Tamir Rice $6 million.
Like mother, like son.
That was quick.
"Nobody can create compelling spectacles like Beyoncé when it comes to album releases. NOBODY."
In honor of the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death.
Terrifying.
The Hamilton: An American Musical star is trying to bring attention to the country's plight.
Reviewing Game of Thrones' season 6 premiere
Each must stop Trump from reaching 1,237 delegates if they hope to stand a chance at a contested convention.
4. Skip pre-portioned foods.
Like a giant, cosmic jellyfish.
Emergency responders are doubling down their efforts to keep pregnant women and their fetuses safe.
The damage and death toll from a natural disaster isn't just a matter of the magnitude.
The comic revolved around an Indian teenager who is a technology genius.
Spoilers for the Game of Thrones season premiere ahead!
Trapped inside the body of this cute 3-year-old boy is a used car salesman, a corporate lawyer, or both.
"They say I am a killer. Maybe I am"
On a scale of 1 to 7, where 7 is the worst, Equatorial Guinea scores 7 across the board for freedom, civil liberties and political rights.
"The world grieves the loss of another musical icon that helped pioneered todays R&B music."
One year after a devastating 7.8-magnitute earthquake hit Nepal, the country is struggling to rebuild.
Beyoncé released her new album 'Lemonade' over the weekend.
2. The dumb jock is a myth.
Inside the CDC's emergency unit.
It was the worst natural disaster to befall Nepal in more than eight decades.
What are the White Walkers' motives?
So brave.
"I'mma let you finish, but..."
Spoilers ahead!
This orangutan will crack up at just about anything.
Incredible.
1. Dark chocolate.
2. Figure out what motivates you.
"What didn't you get a chance to include on your résumé?"
This bloc of voters could determine the Republican nomination.
You don't need to buy an expensive "smart car" to have an Internet-connected vehicle.
Find out your Game of Thrones life expectancy.
Skipping the weight room.
Their reaction is priceless.
"You're 100% Game of Thrones."
The music profile for Daenerys Targaryen features music from Sia, Lorde and Robyn.
"I had a half-century of marriage with a wonderful woman, and now am lucky for a second time to have found happiness"
Aziz Ansari is giving Kanye a run for his money.
North Korea said it is ready to halt nuclear tests if the United States suspends its annual military exercises with South Korea
Learn how to make tasty bánh mì street tacos at home. (via MyRecipes.com)
She praised the choice to put Tubman on the $20 bill
You better sit down for this Game of Thrones fans.
"Lemonade" is very much about romantic strife
"Maybe it's time to shift the focus of the advice to 'do what you love in your life outside work.'"
"Prince forever! God bless"
Learn how to make delicious breakfast enchiladas. (via Southern Living)
Donald Trump Jr. also said his father could bribe delegates if he wanted to — but he prefers not to
Money isn't everything.
Fallon wore a purple tie in tribute to Prince
Here's how you can do it too.
Trump doesn't want to cause a media circus
Some Game of Thrones stars are unrecognizable on the red carpet.
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
High performers have known this for years.
He was decades ahead.
Here's what science says is most important.
It's not time to coast just yet.
"I did not want to kill myself—but I wanted them to kill me."
She's only five weeks old.
Keep this in mind at happy hour.
1) Listen to music from the happiest time in your life.
3. Sell a product on Amazon.
"I don't feel love for my husband 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Nor does he."
You can binge-watch Netflix from your hotel.
These moves are safer for your lower back.
6. Tap the camera app's hidden features.
This is Amazon's secret weapon.
Mass-market beer.
This interactive tool can tell you which airline you should book your next flight with.
What's the secret to living to 100?
The secret to financial freedom.
"As the saying goes, your fave could never"
We're living in a golden age of young-adult literature.
Tidal subscribers, get in formation.
See Lady Liberty when it was still a work in progress.
Awe-inspiring.
The best cities for your well-being.
"Credit or debit?"
Beyoncé's latest project, 'Lemonade,' premieres tonight.
A peek into kitchens from Norway to Kuwait.
"When you're touching your neck, you're really protecting yourself."
See the dramatic differences between identical twins over time.
"I'd rather have tacos and margaritas with my friends than worry whether a guy is going to ask me out."
Hubble still has close to a decade of life left to it.
Be specific.
Ripa thanked staff in an email for giving her time to "process this new information"
It accurately predicted 74% of deaths.
A cell phone and plastic tackle boxes were among the items found on board the boat
So much better than store-bought. (via Cooking Light)
"It's such an extraordinary British institution, I couldn't be prouder to call the Tardis my home"
Incredible.
"Zoo employees are never allowed to enter a tiger enclosure to which the animal has access"
Ponder this.
Cookies for breakfast, anyone? (via Cooking Light).
Authorities were able to unlock the phone after its owner revealed the passcode
Pocahontas was the first non-mythical woman to earn the distinction on U.S. paper money.
The baby was in bed with the dog and the parents at the time
Sanders does well in general election polls, but experts say they're not very reliable
This weekend is a good time for TV.
She is entitled to appeal the firing
They're called "carrier hotels."
William Shakespeare remains one of the most quoted and referenced writers of all time.
Game of Thrones isn't all doom and gloom.
These Olympic hopefuls are getting ready for Rio.
10. Pick bagged over canned.
"I think of Radiolab Podcast as this scrappy upstart, bunch of idiots who are just making it up on the fly every single week."
You might be wondering if there's an epidemic spreading among the rich and famous.
Her team has mapped more than 4,200 methane gas leaks in 10 cities.
Watch world renowned chefs discuss everything from sustainable farming to food politics.
Adorable.
What percentage of your paycheck will you automate toward your retirement?
You can learn a lot about a country's politics by looking closely at its corruption scandals.
1. "What specifically can I do to better support our team's mission?"
You may want to rethink those "Lunch Boxes."
Think about these categories.
Does your kitchen need a face lift?
Barack Obama: "As the father of two daughters, one of the things I'm always looking for are strong women who are out there breaking barriers."
It will change the way you binge-watch.
Feeling hungry?
"When things aren't right, it's not the scenery or the job. It's me. It's how I'm interacting with the rest of the world."
"Power is something you claim yourself, not something you are granted."
6. Set savings goals.
Remember this strategy.
It has little to do with genes for longevity.
Stunning.
The cast of Hamilton: An American Musical danced to Prince's "Let's Go Crazy" onstage.
Lin-Manuel Miranda, one of the 100 most influential people in the world: "It's the tiniest grain of sand of time that we're allowed on this earth. And what do we leave behind?" #TIME100
She needed a crash course in Dothraki before filming this season of Game of Thrones.
It has to do with your brain.
The fourth season of Inside Amy Schumer kicked off on Thursday.
Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund Christine Lagarde, one of the 100 most influential people in the world: "What keeps me on alert and very concerned is really the threat of climate change." #TIME100
Nothing will ever be cuter than this.
Take a walking tour of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden in celebration of Earth Day
Caitlyn Jenner: "How you're treated shouldn't depend on geography—our country is better than that."
"No one told me I would be coming home in diapers too."
Leonardo DiCaprio spent Earth Day encouraging the UN to take bold action against climate change: "You are the last, best hope of Earth. We ask you to protect it."
President Obama: "He was extraordinary and creative and original and full of energy."
Because it's Friday.
Talk about arriving in style.
One takeaway for Game of Thrones fans is that dragons "certainly can be evil, but not necessarily."
The aliens are back.
What to expect from Game of Thrones' season premiere this Sunday
Stevie Wonder: "I'm just glad I was able to say to him 'I love you' when I last saw him."
Today is Earth Day.
Will Smith: "I am stunned and heartbroken. I just spoke with him last night."
A transcript reveals more details about the moments after Prince's death.
"On the biggest screen, Ryan Coogler confers humanity and beauty on people told they are innately without it." #TIME100
LIVE: What we now know about Prince's death…Join us and share your thoughts, memories and favorite songs from the legendary artist
The cast breaks out in a rendition of one of Prince's most famous songs.
Revisit 35 years of Prince's iconic looks in 25 seconds.
"Dukureh's efforts helped make it a crime to transport American girls abroad for FGM." #TIME100
Prince proves he could get ideas for songs "anywhere."
"Gaza's water crisis is a ticking time bomb."
4. Have multiple sources of income.
Fitbit can tell if you've got a broken heart.
"Prince's relationship with the sports world was like the legendary recording artist himself — equal doses weird and thrilling."
Deep in the Nevada desert more than 10,000 mirrors encircle a giant 640-foot tower.
An unlikely tailor to the stars, Hong Kong's Manu Melwani is mourning the loss of two of his former clients.
Government agents have arrested a 23-year-old suspect.
See why Vladimir Putin is on the #TIME100.
"He never called."
Find out why Idris Elba is on the #TIME100.
Google's new Doodle celebrates planet Earth.
From Leonardo DiCaprio to Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan. #TIME100
Prince recorded nearly 30 albums at Paisley Park Studios after 1987.
"Elena Ferrante is a subtle subversive; the domestic, in her brilliant books, is a time bomb that ticks too loudly to ignore." #TIME100
"Usain Bolt makes music on the track; he runs with great joy, with passion and with soul." #TIME100
Priyanka Chopra, one of the 100 most influential people in the world: "I don't want to have a label. … I want to break stereotypes." #TIME100
Apple CEO Tim Cook "upholds the highest ethical standards and routinely challenges the status quo." #TIME100
Dwayne The Rock Johnson says Priyanka Chopra "has an ability to inspire people to do more and achieve more." #TIME100
Lin-Manuel Miranda on the Burr–Hamilton duel: "If it were me, it would never have gotten to a duel." #TIME100
DVF - Diane von Furstenberg: "Karlie Kloss is the epitome of the ideal American millennial woman." #TIME100
From Cecil the lion to the pizza rat. #TIME100
"The work Charlize Theron is doing is important, but the way she goes about it, by building kids' self-esteem, is just as valuable." #TIME100
The aides made the case for Trump as a general election candidate
Nicki Minaj, one of the 100 most influential people in the world: "Black women are held to higher standards." #TIME100
Trudeau is an avid boxer
"Gina Rodriguez is a young woman who knows her true north and orbits in a galaxy all her own." #TIME100
Taraji P. Henson "has a deep understanding of the human condition, and she displays it with her eyes—the pain, the happiness, the love, the laughter." #TIME100
"Skipper" was his nickname growing up.
Ariana Grande's voice is "an extraordinary, versatile, limitless instrument." #TIME100
It might not be what you think.
"Could Ronda Rousey be the one to finally help us understand that as females, we define the word 'feminine' and that it doesn't define us?" #TIME100
From the Super Bowl Halftime Show to the 'Purple Rain' Premiere.
PewDiePie "has turned passive gaming into active, enjoyable entertainment." #TIME100
The world is mourning the death of pop icon Prince, who died at the age of 57.
Leonardo DiCaprio appeared in TIME magazine over 20 years ago. #TIME100
Prince was one of the most influential musicians in history. Celebrate his life by taking a look back at his incredible career.
"Ted Cruz has shown that he will not back down from any obstacle that stands in the way of more jobs, greater freedom and true security for the American people." #TIME100
Prince appeared on the #TIME100 in 2010. The pop music icon died Thursday at 57.
"That's the Hillary Clinton I know—the friend who takes the call, the public servant who listens and acts, the mom who makes sure it gets done right." #TIME100
It wasn't immediately clear how Prince died.
Watch Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau box at a Brooklyn gym.
Melissa McCarthy "finds reality and heart inside every character she plays, and she never sacrifices three-dimensionality for a laugh." #TIME100
Find out why Barack Obama is on the #TIME100.
"It's inspiring to see Aziz Ansari experiment and break the mold." #TIME100
"Julia Louis-Dreyfus' brand of comedy—naturalistic lunacy, sharp but never cruel—taught a whole generation of women they were allowed to change the rules." #TIME100
Karlie Kloss, one of the 100 most influential people in the world: "I feel really lucky that I started my career before social media existed."  #TIME100
"My master plan: Dwayne The Rock Johnson becomes the governor of Florida in eight years and the President in 12, and he's the best President we've had since Ronald Reagan." #TIME100
From a U.S. Olympic fencer to a Chinese fashion designer. #TIME100
"Kendrick Lamar has evolved a new genre of movement music that asserts no answers but raises hard questions and brings us together to take them on." #TIME100
Lorne Michaels on Justin Trudeau: "I believe he will be a force for good." #TIME100
Misty Copeland on Stephen Curry: "He combines a never-before-seen skill set with the panache and flair of a great performance artist." #TIME100
Bernie Sanders' "campaign has invigorated a new populist movement in America." #TIME100
"The courage that Caitlyn Jenner displays is helping challenge society to change." #TIME100
Joe Biden: Pope Francis has "electrified the world." #TIME100
Ronda Rousey, one of the 100 most influential people in the world: "I hope people remember me as one of the greatest fighters that ever lived." #TIME100
Donald J. Trump "isn't afraid to challenge the norms set by status quo leaders." #TIME100
Jennifer Lawrence says Adele has "patience and kindness all wrapped up in the tough skin of a damn gangster." #TIME100
Christine Lagarde "is enormously impressive—a charismatic leader, respected worldwide." #TIME100 http://ti.me/22PWgyH
Nicki Minaj is "an icon, a boss and a role model to all these young girls out here on how to do it the right way." #TIME100
J.J. Abrams: Lin-Manuel Miranda "has redefined the musical." #TIME100 http://ti.me/1WfgwJU
Leonardo DiCaprio's "talent is limitless, but his secret has always been pretty simple: he's real." #TIME100
Priyanka Chopra "has drive, ambition, self-respect, and she knows there's no substitute for hard work." #TIME100 http://ti.me/1SmgoUg
Bill Gates and Melinda Gates on Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan: "Changing the world once was not enough for them." #TIME100
From Leonardo DiCaprio and Pope Francis to Adele and Usain Bolt.
Duterte has been under fire for saying he "should have been first" in the 1989 rape of an Australian missionary.
Could your drone end up spying for Beijing one day?
The curious question of parallel evolution.
Use your precious energy on the day's most important project.
5. Waiting too long to save for retirement.
Help your body get all the iron it needs.
Some relatives have been seeking compensation for more than 30 years.
"She will live forever in the memories of her millions of fans and all of us that loved her."
Breivik claimed his isolation from other prisoners and frequent strip searches violated his human rights.
"The climate of fear results in a growing aversion to debate and pluralism."
Hillary Clinton: Police "should be looking for probable cause."
"You're 100% Game of Thrones."
Michael Strahan announced he was leaving LIVE with Kelly and Michael for 'Good Morning America.'
Which William Shakespeare play is your all-time favorite?
"Getting to be the hero and taking care of others must be a nice change from being taken care of and ordered around."
It's the latest in a series of incidents involving Schilling posting potentially inflammatory things to social media.
It only takes about an hour a day.
Blame your diet.
Tom Colicchio: "At my house, Friday is soup day, which is a great way to clear out the fridge."
More than half of the U.S. population lives in places with dangerous levels of pollution, according to the report.
The Queen is surrounded by seven of her youngest family members in the new photo
"We are a normal family."
The internship is listed at a value of $100,000.
Demand for sushi is pushing the Pacific bluefin tuna to the brink of extinction.
"The life of Harriet Tubman is really one of the greater American stories."
Bill Nye The Science Guy is ready to put his money where his mouth is.
"So if you like the way your kingdom looks, Pharaoh, you should let my people go."
The filter adds a Bob Marley-style cap, dreadlocks—and darkens users' skin tone.
Breaking news: Abolitionist hero Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the front of the $20 bill.
"I don't feel the need to go seek out people hurting my feelings."
Now where's the pumpkin spice milk?
Saucy!
Prince William called his grandmother a "strong female influence."
James Franco has described himself as "gay in my art and straight in my life."
It hits theaters on Oct. 7.
Susan Sarandon: "I see [millennials] having a better sense of who they are than I did in my early 20s. Believing that they can do anything."
All those Facebook selfies may finally pay off.
It's not what you think.
The Star Wars actress admits she doesn't do no-makeup selfies.
Who's excited for the Game of Thrones premiere?
Her definition of beauty? "Inner confidence. Peace. Kindness. Honesty. A life well-lived."
Two state regulators and a Flint employee face felony and misdemeanor charges.
UFC President Dana White said that McGregor had been removed from the event.
All of that sedentary behavior is contributing to obesity.
Overfishing has continued despite calls to reduce catches to allow the species to recover.
Funeral homes are running out of caskets to accommodate so many casualties.
Visa says it's seeing a decrease in fraud.
Duterte is currently leading polls to win next month's Philippines presidential election.
"You're a woman, easy enough to punch you!"
"He was prepared to die."
"If we are going to solve the wicked problem of woman in war, we must stop blaming women and begin validating the remarkable roles they play."
Check out the new technology in mixed reality.
"I don't want to take the high road."
A piece of a tail and a wing fragment were discovered off the coast of Mozambique.
A criminal investigation has been launched to uncover any possible wrongdoing.
"The city is totally destroyed. We have to start again."
Donald J. Trump entered the atrium of Trump Tower to the tune of Frank Sinatra's "New York, New York."
The revolutionary leader urged Cuba's Communist Party to fight on.
On the two-year anniversary of the kidnapping of Nigerian schoolgirls, legislation that would help fight such trafficking is being stymied.
"You're not going to get anywhere by willing the situation away or thinking it can be swept under the rug."
You might want to reconsider putting on those skinny jeans.
"Remember—you work hard for your paycheck. So take a few minutes to make sure it's accurate."
"Life's just too short."
"When you unplug and step back you will start to experience one of life's greatest treasures—perspective."
3. Find a sense of purpose.
Watch live from inside Trump Tower after Donald Trump wins the New York primary.
Expect some tough love.
The image was released in celebration of the Queen's 90th birthday
"You don't need to overhaul your life. Just kill one bad habit. Give it a month and then move on to the next."
Thanks, science!
Watch how these Bernie Sanders volunteers get creative on New York primary day.
Only one female performer has headlined the festival since it was founded in 1999.
"Prepare for a challenging year ahead which includes losing your virginity to a rapist"
Being Captain America doesn't come cheap.
Supporters of the resolution compared the dangers of pornography to those of smoking.
He handled it like a champ.
It's called the "Pretzel Corn Cream Cheese Burger."
Canines can wash down their meal with a dog-friendly "beer" called "pooch hooch."
The Game of Thrones premiere is just around the corner.
"Dear Hillary Clinton: You're amazing and deserve every ice cream sundae you ever want to eat, forever."
Sia brought down the house.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard look like hostages in this apology to Australia.
Taylor Swift is a big fan.
NASA's new video shows the Northern Lights like you've never seen them before.
"To further honor your proud island of exiled British degenerates, I will now perform your beautiful national anthem."
Prince William and Prince Harry got to live out every Star Wars fan's dream.
The resemblance is uncanny.
Donald J. Trump: "I watched our police and our firemen down at 7/11, down at the World Trade Center right after it came down."
Elizabeth Banks: "It's definitely a modern and edgy re-imagining of the original Rita Repulsa."
Incredible.
"Twenty-four states have legalized marijuana, which means our country is almost now officially half-baked."
"No Apple Genius was genius enough" to recover the work.
"She did everything with such a grand love for life and people."
Clinton discussed grandparenthood and Donald Trump.
2. Always help your colleagues.
The father said dropping the charges could mean the detained crew would also be freed.
One was greeted by the severed head of a donkey on the church doorstep last month
People who were on opposing camps in history shared their trauma.
Former employees at the closed factories have admitted to discharging untreated waste into waterways.
Any less, and you'll get away with a lengthy jail sentence. Any more, and you're dead.
Follow these simple steps.
The Netherlands just got one step closer to eliminating polluting vehicles.
What has Bran been up to?
For those living in a dictatorship that has the ability to seize property on a whim, even anonymous offshore accounts make a lot of sense.
"I don't think he'll get an Academy Award for his performance," said Barnaby Joyce.
"This skit was outright sacrilege," the singer-actor said.
Dilma Rousseff: "Today more than anything I feel wronged."
Roberts died on Sunday at the age of 90.
"You're toxic I'm slippin' under."
In some cases rescuers dug with their hands to look for survivors.
Roberts died overnight in her sleep.
Thousands of homes and local businesses have lost electricity.
The royal couple isn't into PDA.
Find out your Game of Thrones life expectancy.
"When it comes to satisfying relationships – the kind that ease loneliness – knowing one another well is critical. This is actually super hard to do online."
The star was cast in the remake of a classic Japanese anime.
Chris Brown: "I went from being on top of the world, No. 1 songs, being kind of like America's sweetheart to being Public Enemy No. 1."
"We want America to be a place where no one can be turned away from a business because of who they love or fired from their job for who they are"
Adorable.
Jordan calls off plan to install cameras at Jerusalem holy site http://ti.me/1Ny7r87
68% said they "could not see" supporting Donald Trump
How your genes can influence when you lose your virginity http://ti.me/1NjGLNF
Hillary Clinton likes her spices.
Aisha Tyler: "It's not going to happen because Hollywood opens its doors. It's going to happen because we kick them in."
Witness chaotic scenes from Ecuador's strongest earthquake in decades.
"I didn't want to be angry. I don't think Cersei would be angry. I did what I thought she would do, emotionally."
A brawl broke out on the floor of Brazil's lower house of Congress as it voted to impeach the nation's first female president.
"It's time for the matza feast, it's time for the matza feast."
Arianna Huffington: "Make a point to disconnect from your devices, for the sake of your sleep and your overall wellbeing."
It's been dubbed a "McDonald's of the Future."
"The owl is okay."
Hillary Clinton talks about women's rights ahead of NY primary
You could be facing more than a glare from a neighbor.
Terrifying.
Barack Obama and Michelle Obama got a special invite this week.
Oops.
For Harry Potter fans who can't catch the play, the script will also be published as an eBook on Pottermore.
Taylor Swift is throwing it back to 2001.
It's called "The Lululemon Lab."
Taylor Swift: "I'll NEVER forget this moment."
"A lot of people think about the finish line. I think about the start line."
It's more than a little awkward.
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
The CDC estimates that 535,000 children between ages one and five have elevated lead levels in their blood.
Beijing has been expanding facilities in the area despite objections by several nations.
Rodrigo Duterte said he "should have been first" in the 1989 rape and killing of Australian national Jacqueline Hamill.
ISIS sees the European Union as the successor to the Roman Empire and it would welcome anything that weakens it
Beijing is furious over Malaysia's decision to deport fraud suspects to Taiwan instead of China.
The 29-year-old originally received a five-year jail term for culpable homicide.
The progeny of China's rich and famous can have a hard time sticking to the socialist script.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake left a trail of ruin along Ecuador's normally placid Pacific Ocean coast.
Pyongyang is dealing with tough international sanctions imposed after it conducted a fourth nuclear test and a long-range rocket launch earlier this year.
Suu Kyi's power to change the constitution remains hamstrung by the military.
The U.S. military prepared to join relief efforts in disaster-stricken areas as authorities struggled to feed and care for tens of thousands of people.
Heard will submit a videotaped apology through her attorney and also profess respect for Australian laws.
He said the agency's ban on homosexuals had caused long-lasting psychological damage to many and hurt the agency.
"This is the first time a virus transmitted by mosquitoes has been shown to spread in any other way."
The company is said to be exploring a system that would allow developers to pay in order to have their apps displayed more prominently.
The rally was supposed to take place on March 27, but was cancelled over security fears.
The flight landed safely at Heathrow; no arrests were reported.
The S-300 missile defense system is one of the most advanced systems of its kind.
The string of records is raising fears that the world is approaching the level of warming that scientists say could bring about catastrophic consequences.
A magnitude-7.8 earthquake hit the country.
A Russian aircraft performed "multiple, aggressive flight maneuvers," including seven barrel rolls, authorities said.
"A tourist usually visits the Grand Canyon only long enough to realize how much more he could see and learn if he stayed longer."
"To casually toss this gasoline onto the smoldering embers of fear is to risk great harm to a great nation."
That's because most airlines have been swimming in profits.
It's a gritty vignette with ethereal shots of nature and distant voice-overs.
Disney says the film also took in an estimated $136.1 million overseas.
A majority of Americans said they think the country is headed in the wrong direction, the poll found.
Earning more than a million is one of the triggers.
When it comes to work travel, are you a planner—or do you prefer to wing it?
If the Senate vote passes, vice president Michel Temer would take on the presidential duties.
The show relied too strongly on empty-calorie cameos from actors dutifully but not transcendentally playing rock gods.
It's interview prep 101.
Trump said the RNC will face a "rough July" if he's denied the nomination.
2. Don't vent your anger.
Thinking about moving abroad?
2. Learn sugar's aliases.
This is what recruiters want to see on your resume.
His father owned apartment buildings there.
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
Learn how to make a classic banana bread (via Cooking Light).
They could disappear in as little as a few decades.
"There is a better way to do this whole job search thing."
"I'm so sick of the fact that it's 2016 and there is still so much stigma around mental health."
It used to be apples.
Here are some of the most iconic photos of the young couple mirroring their predecessors
"Why do we need that if there's zombies coming?"
The actor hosted a fundraiser where tickets ranged from $33,400 to $353,400
The governor called it "truly historic legislation"
2. They recognize the early signs of stress.
Johnson stopped touring because of concerns over hearing loss
1. Ask yourself why you're doing something.
The university paid a public relations firm at least $175,000 in 2013 to help restore its reputation
5. You can't have everything.
"Our new love is here!"
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
Watch live as a group of sisters in Staten Island tell us why Donald is their candidate
Only 33% of Republicans say the nominee should be picked by convention delegates
How to make hasselback baked apples (via Cooking Light).
Trump said Japan and South Korea might need to obtain nuclear weapons for self-defense
"Boaty McBoatface" won with 124,109 votes
"You can't yada yada at a debate"
Are you making this mistake?
The damage stretched for hundreds of miles
1. You buy new stuff just because it's new.
"1 in 5 hiring managers say they have asked a question in a job interview only to find out later that it was a violation of federal labor laws to ask it."
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
3. Superfoodify your smoothie.
Travel should be pleasurable — not stressful.
There have been at least 49 selfie-related deaths in the last two years.
Feeling hungry?
What would you learn how to do?
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
3. Drink more water.
You're not going to want fries with this.
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
"When Clinton is tough, a characteristic many see as unfeminine, it doesn't feel right, so she must not be authentic."
"It's clear that homework does have an impact, but it's not always a good one."
Who do you think is most influential?
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
"Watching the behavior of The Donald on the stump can at least get us thinking about how to deal with The Donalds in our world."
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
Add these to your not-to-do list.
Hint: It's not the U.S.
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
Put down the cotton swab.
Good night, insomnia.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
Continuing a trend.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
6. Choose stone fruit.
4 cues give it away.
Is organic food worth the sticker shock?
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
While Sanders sticks to big ideas, Clinton has focussed on past victories for the state
What could it be?
Thinking about moving abroad?
He said people who think the greeting was political "should see a psychiatrist"
"A winky face may be creepy to one person and friendly to another."
Most Americans are angry at the federal government but satisfied with their own lives
He specifically mentioned Alan Turing as a victim homophobia
Eat up!
"This is what you do do"
1: Stop treating your "to-do's" like a grocery list.
"Cupholders in cars should be bigger, and also, what about sandwich holders?"
"I think he is one of the extraordinary figures not only in the world today but in modern world history"
Learn how to make sweet potato chips in the oven (via Cooking Light).
It's a really good explanation, too
"I want to tell you that you are not alone"
These are the foods you should be eating now.
The total travel time to Mars could be just a few days
Have something to look forward to.
"I think he is one of the extraordinary figures not only in the world today but in modern world history"
The Pople plans to bring 10 refugees with him when he leaves, Greek state TV reported
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
Sia has written songs for Beyoncé, Adele, Britney Spears, Katy Perry—and the list goes on.
4. Cleopatra.
This is what the experts say you should do.
The consequences are drastic.
"I think it's just to get attention. It's to get the likes. Everything's about the likes."
Talk positively to yourself.
How to make a resumé for today.
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
Always make a good impression.
Never get lost again.
Bill Gates barely made the list.
Are you more narcissistic than the average American?
One of our most popular stories of 2015: See the popularity of every name dating back to 1890.
"One of the most successful ways to raise drug awareness is to show substances' harrowing impact on a user's face over time."
"You'll die faster without sleep than you will without food."
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
2. Label negative feelings.
Change the way you use Facebook.
IQ is overrated.
"Dealing with a narcissist regularly is like having a pet tiger."
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
3. Take a big mid-day break (but not for lunch).
As promised at last night's debate.
3. Some of today's most popular swear words have been around for more than a thousand years.
Take a look back.
Anita Hill: The Monica Lewinsky scandal "sent a message to young women in the workplace about how to 'get ahead.'"
Stunning.
"Connecting with my purpose always helps me stay on track."
Priyanka Chopra says that yogurt isn't just for eating—she also uses it on her face and hair.
Her team has mapped more than 4,200 methane gas leaks in 10 cities.
Michelle Obama urged her daughters not to choose a school just because of its name.
Could Washington, D.C. become the 51st state? http://ti.me/22Akixs
They may have appeared on The Apprentice, but they're not fans of Donald J. Trump's politics.
Sauerkraut isn't just a hot dog topping.
8. "I got more work done at the times when I'm actually productive."
Justin Trudeau called the reporter's bluff.
Sarah Palin threw some serious shade at Bill Nye The Science Guy.
Sorry, Game of Thrones fans.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus said that during the era she was on Saturday Night Live, women on the show were not given equal treatment "at all."
It may be even more important than your income.
You don't need a ticket to catch Guns N' Roses, Calvin Harris and Major Lazer's performances.
"They're running to the ferry and going home to see their kids."
Can't stomach any more kale or quinoa? Try these equally good-for-you substitutes.
"We have heard loud and clear that this is a concept our audience does not want."
Emma Watson: "Women feel like we need permission. … We need to lead and change that."
Is Harvard University still a "good old boys' club?"
Scaring and amazing our colleagues with virtual reality
Do you still have QuickTime for Windows on your PC? Get rid of it, pronto.
"Pretty soon the only difference between a movie theater and your house is the soda all over the floor."
What do you think of Sophie Turner's Jon Snow impersonation?
"When I said 'New York values' I was merely trying to say I value New York, except I was saying it backwards, the way Yoda would say it."
Jessica Biel: "I mean, I like to say that I was his boss, but I wasn't really acting as his boss. So we had a good working relationship."
"And is it just me, or does it have the feel of one of those forced hostage videos?"
John Kasich committed a "pizza faux pas."
"We wanted to end while we're still ambulatory and going strong."
"It ultimately falls on the campaigns to be up to speed on these delegate rules."
Oxfam says that for every dollar of taxes these companies paid, they collectively received $27 in federal loans, loan guarantees and bailouts.
Mugabe has held power since the country's independence in 1980.
About 44,000 people were forced to leave their homes and stay in shelters overnight.
It is believed the students were handed over to a local drug gang after being stopped by law enforcement.
Companies wanting to invest in Iran say they face obstacles aplenty.
The museum is run by the Hong Kong Alliance of Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China.
The death of coral presents a slew of problems both for local communities and for efforts to curb global warming.
The era of "forced transparency" is now fully upon us.
The judges disagree with Rousseff's claim that the procedures against her were "contaminated."
At least half a million people were killed in a brutal pogrom.
Rhino, pangolin and elephant populations are already threatened by Chinese demand for horns, scales and ivory.
Thousands more remain in captivity, or worse.
"It's sad that Governor Christie refuses to strongly speak out against racism, sexism and bigotry."
Villages across the country remain strewn with rubble, the quake victims living in tents and flimsy sheds.
The latest numbers matched most economists' expectations.
Their ideas cut to the core of their governing philosophies.
The dogs failed to find any hard drugs in a seven-month period last year.
The internationally protected wood is sometimes worth more than its weight in gold.
The botched launch comes amid Pyongyang's anger over annual South Korean-U.S. military drills.
Science says that caffeine comes with some real perks.
The marathon is expected to be a big moneymaker for the city, bringing in approximately $188.8 million.
Parents of children who suffer seizures have lobbied state lawmakers to act.
Leslie Van Houten has spent more than four decades in prison for the notorious killings of a wealthy grocer and his wife.
They scolded and scowled. "This is not a laughing matter," Clinton said to Sanders.
"Changes to anti-bullying laws are good first steps, but recognizing the problem is not sufficient."
The previous record for memorabilia sales on a single day was held by Led Zeppelin.
The moderators were CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer, chief political correspondent Dana Bash and NY1 host Errol Louis.
An outfit says a thousand words.
See which patties made the biggest impact on the burger industry—and the world at large.
Did Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders win the debate?
"I see these people all the time. On the outside they look incredibly healthy, but on the inside they're a wreck."
Here's the trick to staying out of credit card debt.
Bernie Sanders: "Secretary Clinton called them out. Oh my goodness. They must've been really crushed by this."
When you really need to.
Hint: You might be working for one.
"Disagreements are normal, so if you aren't fighting, chances are you're holding back."
Hello, abdominal fat.
From playing archery to feeding elephants.
The good, the bad, and the ugly.
"Traveling for the sake of travel is not an achievement, nor is it guaranteed to make anyone a more cultured, nuanced person."
Sometimes a glance can tell you how smart someone is.
Watch live as our reporter explores the Brooklyn Navy Yard ahead of the #demdebate
From sleek wrap dresses to those inescapable royal hats.
Is it "spitting image" or "spit and image?"
A net worth of $1 million makes someone "financially comfortable," the survey says.
Yes, Ryan Reynolds will return.
Chicago police have "no regard" for minority lives, report finds http://ti.me/1WuvJHp
To tide you over until the Game of Thrones premiere on April 24.
Watch live as supporters gather outside the Democratic debate in New York City
Start saving, Star Wars fans.
Good news for Avatar fans.
Up to 20% of women who know they are pregnant miscarry.
Larvae for lunch, anyone?
He hopes to finish the 26.2-mile race in under four hours.
Turns out takeout is far from a new concept.
Micaela Erlanger: "What many young professionals seeking a mentor don't understand is that a mentorship isn't gained or given; it's earned."
Gail Simmons: "You don't need to finish everything on your plate. On Top Chef, it's all about tasting, not eating the whole dish—I mean, you couldn't possibly!"
Things took an unexpected turn.
Paul McCartney took a trip down memory lane.
Taylor Swift: "It's going to be difficult if you're a woman who wants to achieve something in her life."
Bernie Sanders got more than three times as many votes as Hillary Clinton in the TIME 100 reader poll.
Cha Cha the chimpanzee made quite a break for it.
One profession was ranked the worst for the third year in a row.
Kelly Clarkson: "Our little baby boy has arrived!!"
Taylor Swift opened up about her relationship with Calvin Harris.
"Take a moment to ask yourself, 'What am I doing right now that is making me fulfilled?'"
"You can't tell a 22-year-old to turn off their cellphone."
"Being persuasive isn't arguing effectively; it's not arguing at all."
"It's no longer on the experimental list and I think that every girl should do it."
Barack Obama might be a bigger Game of Thrones fan than you.
Maisie Williams: "People ask me all the time and I'm just left wondering, 'what about Arya?'"
Thursday night's debate could be a make-or-break moment for Sanders.
TIME's new cover: Make America solvent again http://ti.me/1V3t4VP
Terrifying.
Looking for love in the wrong places?
Images of the scantily clad model were posted — and reposted — on Chinese social media.
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
They could disappear in as little as a few decades.
How will it compare?
Islamist extremism is growing in Mindanao, with serious security implications for the region and beyond.
Take a behind-the-scenes look at Game of Thrones' special effects.
The possible launch could be timed to coincide with the birthday of the country's late founder, Kim Il Sung.
The nuns living there have tried to sell the property to another bidder.
An Australian '60 Minutes' TV crew remains in detention over its role in the alleged kidnap of two children in Lebanon
A video purporting to show Hackenberger whipping a tiger was posted online.
A treat for The Princess Bride fans.
A lineup will include British rocker Pete Doherty on Nov. 16.
Three people, including an elderly woman, were killed when officials opened fire on protesters.
Producer Chris Meledandri said he had a voice that exudes "comedic wickedness while embodying vulnerability."
Take a trip down memory lane.
South America's first Olympic Games opens in under four months.
5. It can make you feel invincible.
"There is fighting every night here. There are too many people."
Facebook believes bots can replace apps.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz intentionally crashed a plane into a mountainside last year, killing all 150 people aboard.
The best single-season record in NBA history belongs to Golden State.
And he might be directing.
How science fiction could become scientific fact.
The girls have not been heard from since the mass abduction.
2. Never eat alone.
"The biggest source of support for moms returning to work is not HR—it's other moms."
Parlez-vous Francais?
Myth 3: There's no increased responsibility.
Take a look back.
Bring on the swimsuits and sunblock.
Facebook had a big week.
"It looks like Godzilla's baby cousin."
"You can't hide—grief will find you."
"We have the rest of our lives to be nerdy together."
It has to do with a shirt.
Judge rules against couple in China's first same-sex marriage case http://ti.me/1Sg6VmB
It's not what you think.
"I don't think my dogs ever had a chance"
Matthew McConaughey has an unlikely doppelgänger.
"This is a cause that's near and dear to me, and unlike the cynical Han Solo, I've got a good feeling about this."
"I think that having so many Southern states go first kind of distorts reality"
"Nostalgia for the rotary phone era won't save American jobs"
Harvard University's oldest final club believes it is "being used as a scapegoat."
Game of Thrones fans, how many Easter eggs can you spot?
Ruby Rose: "When people say to me that I turned them gay, I just laugh because that's not really even a possibility."
Incredible.
The bullet ricocheted off a vending machine and hit the child.
"I, as a parent of a child who has autism, am concerned."
The games may impact boys and girls differently.
"This policy is leading to ongoing opioid abuse."
"Mean words don't stand a chance against self-worth and little bit of humor."
You may want to rethink the cheeseburger and fries.
Behind the plan to use lasers to reach far-off stars http://ti.me/1oYlD44
"The focus is in the objects that surround you rather than inside."
Aziz Ansari is giving Kanye a run for his money.
Hillary Clinton weighed in on splitting the check.
Talk about a TV marathon.
"'Cause this is Seder, Seder night."
From a safari visit to a game of cricket.
The plan to put a woman on the front of the $10 bill may be in jeopardy.
No more excuses.
"Stop lying to yourself that you're so awesome. Instead, focus on forgiving yourself when you're not."
A cheese-lover's dream.
The answer may surprise you.
Watch live: Lele Pons, the most-followed woman on Vine, visits the TIME office to discuss her new book, her video tips and how she learned to survive high school.
The royal couple put their parental instincts on display.
How well do you know American history?
Turns out living in a box is a safety hazard.
Spider-Man fans, listen up.
"Can you tell whether a person is the fighting type just by looking at them?"
Amazon.com says its new Kindle is about 30% thinner and 20% lighter than its predecessors.
Today is Thomas Jefferson's birthday.
Amy Schumer appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
He gave the Lucky Charms mascot his memorable Irish brogue.
97% of Americans said they believed in God in 1965.
Barack Obama said this was his "worst mistake."
It looks awesome and terrifying.
Stunning.
It's easier than you think.
Colonial-era laws outlawing treason and sedition are still on the books in Hong Kong.
"I just said what everybody else was thinking."
Indonesia has the world's third largest number of motorcycles.
Game of Thrones season 6 premieres on April 24.
After publishing this story on China's president, TIME was blocked in mainland China.
50 Shades of Grey made the list.
Use this simple financial health checklist.
The vote will only be held in areas controlled by the government.
How will it compare?
The government has generally frowned on non-traditional expressions of gender and sexuality.
Benedict Cumberbatch will play the eminent neurosurgeon whose life is shattered after a car accident.
More than a million Syrians have fled their country to Lebanon.
Newt was expelled from Hogwarts.
The leak consists of over 11.5 million documents from Mossack Fonseca, which specializes in helping set up offshore companies.
'Cuphead' comes out later this year for Xbox One and PC.
An audio recording of the VP rehearsing a post-impeachment speech was leaked.
"Equality's coming, we just have to talk about it."
Germany's criminal code provides for up to three years in prison or a fine for insulting a foreign head of state.
1. They once thought about sending Trump a birthday card, and then decided against it.
Would you trust a self-driving car?
Looking for love in the wrong places?
Eat up!
Are you really smarter than a fifth grader?
Enter your zip code to receive your postal code horoscope.
A spoonful of vodka makes your alter ego come out.
"Love is always in fashion."
"Are the fries even made out of potatoes?"
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
Their reactions are priceless.
And he might be directing
"You're an adult; you can set your alarm, get up, brush your teeth."
Take a trip down memory lane.
5. It can make you feel invincible.
They could disappear in as little as a few decades.
He may have to make a tough decision about money in politics
She spelled out a "HELP" message using sticks and rocks.
He made an "inkredible" escape.
Uber provided information on trips, trip requests, pickup and drop-off areas, fares, vehicles, and drivers.
"I'm so sick of the fact that it's 2016 and there is still so much stigma around mental health."
Schools were ranked based on representation, affordability and post-graduate earnings.
It will have all female drivers and will only pick up women or males under the age of 13.
The $100 million project aims to find a planet that could hold life.
Facebook believes bots can replace apps.
Paul Ryan: "Count me out."
Terrifying.
Soon you can broadcast from a drone.
Tickets go on sale on national Star Wars day.
You may see this coming.
The royal couple had a four-course Indian lunch, and a local musician performed "Let It Be" by the Beatles.
It makes fun of Hillary Clinton's subway fail last week.
The power couple ranks among Taylor Swift  and Bernie Sanders.
Wealth buys health, according to a new study.
Take a behind-the-scenes look at Game of Thrones' special effects.
It used to be apples.
"Why do we need that if there's zombies coming?"
This is who she licked, Game of Thrones fans, and it's not who you think.
Starbucks launched its new program on Monday.
Centuries later, it is still unclear who first created this crispy confection.
From sleek wrap dresses to those inescapable royal hats.
"More often than not, people who make the first offer do better."
Try a healthier version of this sweet treat.
"This summer, an all-American idealist faces off against a diabolical billionaire."
J.K. Rowling is a big fan of the sock-loving Hogwarts Headmaster.
Some companies offer women up to 30% less than their male peers.
"Hey, Obama," the letter begins. "I know you have a lot on your mind these days."
"The lord of the jungle is now the lord of the dance."
The F.B.I. is offering a reward of $25,000.
The National Weather Service's distinctive style is a remnant of the days of teleprinters.
"Lead is a devastating poison."
Marks died over the weekend aged 70.
Could you wake up earlier?
Overcome language barriers with iTranslate.
'Horace and Pete' was a passion project.
PSAs on the importance of brushing teeth to vaccinations against smallpox.
Adorable.
They dubbed the campaign "Operation Omari" in honor of Taliban founder.
China aims to get 50 million children and adults playing soccer by the end of this decade.
"We had to come up with a solution, and I wanted it to feel empowering."
Armed forest rangers patrol the jungles on the border with Cambodia in an attempt to stop the loggers.
"You won't find your dream by standing still."
Several temple trustees have been charged with attempted murder.
You could be sitting on a goldmine.
These water sources are heavily contaminated by industrial and agricultural runoff.
2. They recognize the early signs of stress.
The 8-minute odyssey has been praised by fans and critics as one of the greatest songs of all time.
J.K. Rowling: "It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live."
Using someone's wireless network without permission would defy an Islamic religious ruling.
Harry Potter fans have a lot to look forward to.
The possible ouster of the embattled leader is now a step closer.
The game is so big you'll never explore it all.
Game of Thrones season 6 premieres on April 24.
4. More women working will crowd out men.
The charges include two counts of espionage and three of attempted espionage.
Ryan Reynolds thanked Deadpool Movie's fans for their devotion to the film.
50 Shades of Grey made the list.
"We're all just walking each other home."
The principal said it was to "keep our girls safe, stop boys from getting ideas and create a good work environment for male staff."
Use this simple financial health checklist.
3. Take life one week—not one day—at a time.
The game so big you'll never explore it all.
"It's all in how you frame your situation."
"No one is infallible."
She says the image is about "female empowerment."
The joke garnered widespread condemnation
"Who is..."
Tickets for the event range between $250 and $5,000
She needed a coffee break.
"Poor people don't have the same opportunity"
She was caught taking the ring in a surveillance video.
Get ready for bots, live video and more on Facebook.
Turns out Siri is a Game of Thrones fan.
It's the royal couple's first tour in two years.
This tiger's got a bad case of the Mondays.
Newt was expelled from Hogwarts.
No amount of magic can make being a teenager easy.
A guest asked Kate Middleton how she lost the post-baby weight.
They frequently pay tribute to Prince William's parents.
After publishing this story on China's president, Time.com was blocked in mainland China.
It's easier than you think.
It looks awesome—and terrifying.
It starts with waking up at dawn.
Tuesday is Free Cone Day at Ben & Jerry's.
"I thought he was the man to lead us through the long night, but I was wrong."
Donald J. Trump's kids missed a deadline to register as Republicans.
"I'm big on manners. I'm big on politeness. I'm big on gratitude. But I'm a bit of a wild mom."
97% of Americans said they believed in God in 1965.
Barack Obama said this was his "worst mistake."
Lorelai and Rory are back in Stars Hallow.
"I just said what everybody else was thinking."
Prince William and Kate Middleton stopped in his Mumbai restaurant.
Will Smith: "I just want all of you to know I'm dedicated to being a light in this world."
Money can't buy you happiness, but it might buy you a longer life.
Melissa McCarthy: "I may be the first woman to win this award, but I am certainly, certainly not the first one to deserve it."
The Suicide Squad director called the rumors "silly."
Stunning.
Looking for a new laptop?
GCHQ responded that it didn't "comment on our own defense against the dark arts."
A Federal Trade Commission study revealed that one in four credit reports has an error.
Bernie Sanders came in second.
Spoilers ahead!
Not everything belongs front and center.
See all of the outtakes.
Who is the dude in the white cape?
"Are you smart?"
A real-life 'Castaway.'
Adorable.
1. Don't compare yourself to others.
People who lose a partner are at risk for heart problems for up to a year, a new study shows.
The coal mining regions of Jiangxi province were made famous by socialist propaganda.
Thinking about moving abroad?
3. Talk to a stranger.
5. You're so brave!
Cameron has faced calls to resign over his handling of the revelations.
Marks parlayed a career as a drug smuggler into a best-selling autobiography and road show.
The fire killed at least 110 people and injured 380 others.
Female police officers in Mexico have complained that male superiors used their looks as part of a selection process.
Never get lost again.
No definitive account of Regeni's murder has come to light.
Beautiful.
On the days where innovative thinking and science lead the way and save a life, nothing is better.
Clashes were reported just hours before the truce went into effect.
It's a really bad idea to plug anything of unknown origin into your computer.
The royal couple will be in India for a week.
A senior U.S. official said Kerry wouldn't apologize.
The Golden State Warriors beat the San Antonio Spurs 92-86.
Chris Pratt paid homage to the action heroes who came before him.
We watched so you didn't have to.
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
Add these to your not-to-do list.
Harry Potter fans have a lot to look forward to.
Jared Leto: "This sick and twisted film has it all, kids."
It's more than you think.
Whoa.
Ryan Reynolds thanked Deadpool Movie's fans for their devotion to the film.
Captain America: Civil War premieres on May 6.
"You are either a normal person or a sexist."
Some riders get pretty into it.
Stars are out for the MTV Movie Awards.
Could you wake up earlier?
This is what's sabotaging your workouts.
"You won't find your dream by standing still."
Adorable.
You could be sitting on a goldmine.
It's interview prep 101.
"I want our next president — whoever he or she might be — to be somebody who is interested in women in Afghanistan and who will continue U.S. policies"
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Serious sticker shock.
You may want to get in touch with your feelings.
How much will your monthly subscription cost?
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
Celebrate National Sibling Day with some celebrity siblings.
This will stave off hunger.
"He's threatening," the aide said
Thought you ate too much at brunch?
He's known as "The Jet Pack Man"
"There is a better way to do this whole job search thing."
Was that a quick glimpse of Darth Vader?
Here are 9 insightful rules for emailing like a professional.
'The Boss' had a $23.5 million debut
Sometimes it seems like your brain just sits around creating lousy feelings and worries.
"I was telling the world, 'I'm O.K., I'm O.K.' in a repetitive mantra, but I wasn't. I was traumatized and scared."
Sanders just won the Wyoming caucuses
The awards show airs Sunday evening
Good news: You don't have to skip the drink.
They're travelling without their two children
Obama said there was "carelessness in terms of managing emails"
2. Learn sugar's aliases.
The former defensive end was 34 years old
"Ah, God, I love those New York Meets"
Have something to look forward to.
The terror investigation pushed the attackers to act
2. The friend you can rely on.
Princess Diana's visit to the Taj Mahal in 1992 resulted in an infamous photo.
Prince William and Princess Kate arrive in Mumbai today.
They can barely keep themselves upright.
You can thank us later.
"Beauty is more based on character than an arbitrary data point."
Which smartphone is right for you?
The poor cat is just trying to catch some Z's.
No more bad moods.
Move over, sports drinks.
"Surprised they even allow 7-year-olds into those places? Think again."
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
"Nothing has happened that's made me regret not checking my phone."
A healthy snack will tide you over.
Stunning.
3. You're not learning.
There have been at least 49 selfie-related deaths in the last two years.
"Dealing with a narcissist regularly is like having a pet tiger."
Put down the cotton swab.
"Most people have lost at least one relative in this war."
Always make a good impression.
It's something no one really gets instruction in.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
3. Corn tortillas.
Thinking about moving abroad?
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
Sia has written songs for Beyoncé, Adele, Britney Spears, Katy Perry—and the list goes on.
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
Who is the dude in the white cape?
"Are you smart?"
Not everything belongs front and center.
Another in a recent string of victories for the senator
She was arrested on one charge of assault
Know your rights.
2. Don't vent your anger.
""I, for one, do think there is a disadvantage from having (five) Catholics, three Jews, everyone from an Ivy League school"
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
4. Preface your workout with carbs.
"He has been out there talking about the need for a moral economy"
2. Label negative feelings.
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
Never get lost again.
2. Losing weight is all about how much you eat and work out.
This is what recruiters want to see on your resume.
Bernie Sanders came in second
1. Ask yourself why you're doing something.
He is one of four former football players charged
This man can listen to a couple for 5 minutes and determine, with 91% accuracy, whether they'll divorce.
See the dramatic differences between identical twins over time.
IQ is overrated.
It's not about looks
These are the foods you should be eating now.
"I'm learning, I'm shadowing—really tall shadow"
Cara Delevingne: "I am so lucky for the work I get to do but I used to work to try and escape and just ended up completely exhausting myself."
It's pretty simple.
The 15-story booster landed upright, withstanding 50 mph gusts
4. Get out the Scrabble board.
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
How much sleep does Bill Gates get?
This is what the experts say you should do.
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
Talk positively to yourself.
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
Now here's a bunny who knows what he wants.
"Many child prodigies have autistic family members."
Sometimes the landlord/tenant relationship can be a difficult one. But it doesn't have to be that way.
Good night, insomnia.
Did you know you can mute text messages?
Hint: It's not the U.S.
Up to 80% of the factors that affect aging are well within our control.
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
Gorgeous.
What would you learn how to do?
Incredible.
2. Stop expecting your life to look a certain way.
Adorable.
Travel should be pleasurable — not stressful.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
1. You buy new stuff just because it's new.
4 cues give it away.
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Get the box of tissues.
He is 104 years old.
Bruce Springsteen: "Some things are more important than a rock show."
Middle siblings are a bit of a puzzle.
"No transition is easy."
5. Assume everything will take longer and cost more.
DNA evidence proved he's innocent.
2. Sign up for a class in something you've never done before.
Use this four-step mental checklist.
Learn how to get Adele's look.
Adorable.
How many of these do you do?
Learn how to use Facebook's new feature.
But Donald J. Trump is even more widely disliked.
"I'm not giving up my computer for a tablet. At least not yet."
Terrifying.
"You can't hold yourself to a standard that doesn't exist."
Start small.
"Melissa McCarthy deserves better than this."
Can you guess who Bernie Sanders's celebrity crush is?
Hate going to the gym?
London might be getting an 80-story wooden skyscraper.
"There is huge potential."
She still said yes.
It's called "broken heart syndrome."
Or you'll be exposed to hackers.
Make better use of those few minutes here and there.
The 17-year-old will receive millions from the estate of the man involved in the crash that killed her father.
This explains a big moment in the Game of Thrones trailer.
Kelly Clarkson sang 'Stronger,' 'Miss Independent' and 'Since U Been Gone' on the finale of American Idol.
Jennifer Lawrence: "We've gotten so used to underweight."
Adorable.
TIME Morning Must Reads: April 8, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
"I have never seen a drug gain popularity so rapidly and be eliminated so quickly."
Jennifer Lawrence: "It shouldn't be, because it just means equality."
Are you making this mistake?
What a comeback.
2. Almost all states fail to meet weekly physical education requirements.
It left Trevor Noah at a loss for words.
Ever wonder what it would be like to spend a whole year in space?
Terrifying.
"There's no such thing as a male or female workout—we all do the same exercises."
The British PM has been less than transparent
"I think I can make a strong case for $120 oil in 2018."
Can you see it?
Here's what has happened in the past week.
What the Murder of an Italian Student Says About Egypt's Security State
Facebook's new live video features include reactions, filters and more sharing capabilities.
These dogs can fetch more than $3,000 for a post.
Mugabe said constant rumors about his health led to fights over succession.
Monsters, Inc. had one of the highest percentages of male dialogue.
Millennials are the most "cash-averse" out of everyone.
Politicians struggle to explain to voters and taxpayers why they have hidden their wealth from view.
An Australian woman allegedly attempted to abduct her Lebanese-Australian children as part of a custody battle.
Teenagers are often sleep deprived.
Bule died after being bitten by a venomous king cobra she brought on stage as a prop.
Prince William and Princess Kate will touch down in Mumbai on Sunday.
There's a Hogwarts Express and an Owlery.
Intense skirmishes have threatened to derail the Russia-brokered cease-fire.
A draft constitution would give military officers the right to arrest people for a variety of suspected offenses.
"It's part of black women's culture of self-care."
You're not going to want fries with this.
Terrifying.
The consequences are drastic.
From humble beginnings to raking in millions.
Feeling hungry?
Anne Hathaway and her husband Adam Shulman welcomed their first child on March 24.
What did you think of the American Idol finale?
Netflix is bringing the series back with four 90-minute episodes.
Harmon debuted the original track "Falling."
Oops.
Looking to test a VR headset?
Crusoe the Celebrity Dachshund looks fetching in his new uniform.
"There's something icky about me having that conversation unless it applies to a greater whole."
"Students and their parents have a right to know."
How much will your monthly subscription cost?
Make the most of your leftovers.
People high-fived the driver after he got out of his car
"Two hours of solid head-down, headphones-on time beats eight hours of multi-tasking any day of the week."
"Watching people shop for real estate in international or exotic locations helps us dream of new places we'd like to visit someday."
Shonda Rhimes: "Don't look up here to us. Put us in your rearview mirror. Be someone extraordinary."
The law allows public and private businesses to refuse service to gay couples based on religious beliefs
"Nearly 90% of Americans believe in God or some kind of universal being."
Who is the dude in the white cape?
Surprise! Jon Snow is still dead.
Frank Underwood's exercise routine has inspired House of Cards fans.
Was that a quick glimpse of Darth Vader?
Sometimes high school musicals get a little too cutthroat.
"We are seeing victim-blaming, disbelief and public shaming."
Jennifer Lawrence: "But, really, people who criticized it are people who think women should not be paid the same as men."
Good news for investors.
Some say it's the Loch Ness Monster.
"Most people have lost at least one relative in this war."
"Please remove that judge from the bench."
"There is no such thing as a surprise, smash hit. Nothing is immediate."
Jennifer Lopez just released a new single.
"Man, the things you could do with it." http://ti.me/1qvK8Hn
It could mean less traffic.
Looking for love in all the wrong places?
"Hello from the other side / We must've rang a thousand times."
Khloé Kardashian has a big fan.
A carb-lover's dream.
Never ask anyone for their phone number again.
"This case captured the public's attention like nothing before it."
Cameron Diaz: "Actually, aging isn't that scary. In fact, I love it."
Siri can remind you to complete tasks, dial phone numbers and keep track of your contacts' relationships to you.
Not so fast, Donald J. Trump. Ted Cruz has a plan.
Did someone say coffee?
Khaleesi has some ideas.
The Onion predicted Ted Cruz's cover a year ago.
Back in the early 1960s, they were newcomers on a scene that was itself brand-new.
The uphill battle to get his Supreme Court nominee confirmed continues.
The crackdown signals that business as usual for global firms that can move money and people anywhere they like is under siege.
This is the first Star Wars spinoff movie
Maybe you'd think twice if you knew how much exercise it would take to burn it off.
Lena channels her inner Sharon Stone
The cash payment option is designed to make it more convenient for tax payers as the filing deadline approaches.
TIME Morning Must Reads: April 7, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
TIME's new cover: Not so fast, Donald. Ted Cruz has a plan. http://ti.me/22eHelQ
It has grown from 4.7% of the adult population to 8.5%.
The Tripoli coalition is one of two governing bodies backed by various militias that have been competing for power since 2014.
Police say Nazimuddin Samad was targeted for his outspoken atheism.
The existence of offshore entities owned by relatives of top Chinese officials hardly promotes a sense of financial transparency.
This marks the completion of a reshuffle of the country's Communist Party leadership.
From rising seas submerging coastal property to precipitation changes in the desert, climate impacts are here.
The show's ratings fell in its final years, but the caliber of talent has stayed consistent.
"We are looking forward to having a good life over there."
It's loud, brash, and vague — just enough to snag your attention.
This would putatively terminate a law under which migrants apply for asylum in the country through which they first enter.
There exist "minimal indications" of wrongdoing that could force her to resign, a congressman said.
He faces questions over an offshore trust set up by his late father.
The technology is state-of-the-art, using a trick called "forward secrecy."
She used it while writing "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" and "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets."
'American Idol' will be over on Thursday after 15 momentous seasons.
The show overcomes a historical reluctance to write off characters who don't make sense in the narrative moment-to-moment.
She previously accused him of assault, battery and false imprisonment.
"There are no longer any breeding populations of tigers left in Cambodia."
France in now the fifth European country to criminalize the clients of prostitutes.
Elections will take place in the fall.
Pablo Lucio Vasquez killed David Cardenas in 1998.
He plead guilty to charges of structuring roughly $1 million in bank withdrawals to skip federal reporting requirements.
It could prove to be a watershed moment for the burgeoning legal marijuana industry.
3. Remember that your work is not your worth.
Serious sticker shock.
Close call.
From humble beginnings to raking in millions.
Taxes just got a little easier.
They called the ad "irresponsible."
Ever wonder what it would be like to spend a whole year in space?
American Idol was the first of its kind.
Mississippi passed a bill allowing refusal of services to LGBT people based on religious freedom.
"This is a dangerous product"
Cruz previously criticized Trump's "New York values"
Jake Gyllenhaal: "I was at an age where mortality was not always clear to me."
Incredible.
The song debuted at No.6 on Billboard's most recent Hot Rock Songs chart
"It's part of black women's culture of self-care."
The two-time Olympic gold medalist and World Cup champion was arrested early Sunday morning in Portland
There's a Hogwarts Express and an Owlery.
Can you see it?
"You are either a normal person or a sexist."
Taylor Swift's new video is meant to be a love letter to her fans.
"Rooted even more deeply within my grief was a crippling fear: I was scared I would be a terrible mother."
Don't lift a finger.
But Bernie Sanders is still edging out Barack Obama and Lady Gaga.
These dogs can fetch more than $3,000 for a post.
Facebook's new live video features include reactions, filters and more sharing capabilities.
"I think I can make a strong case for $120 oil in 2018."
It left Trevor Noah at a loss for words.
Terrifying.
"It's very easy to say, airily, that the O.J. Simpson trial was representative of larger trends in the culture. This show did the work."
They wanted to name it the Antonin Scalia School of Law.
Think you're a big Star Wars fan? You've got nothing on this guy.
To the left, to the left…of the courthouse.
"There's no such thing as a male or female workout—we all do the same exercises."
"He asked that we pray for him and said that he would be praying for us."
Kerry Washington: "It felt strange to look at a picture of myself that is so different from what I look like when I look in the mirror."
Children's and teens' clothing sizes used to be based on age.
Watch a famous illustrator paint in virtual reality for the first time http://ti.me/1VxciwI
It's not about the laws that were broken.
"Unfortunately, their list of demands seems slightly unreasonable."
"I think of Radiolab as this scrappy upstart, bunch of idiots who are just making it up on the fly every single week."
Will a visit to the chiropractor actually help?
Janet Jackson: "My husband and I are planning our family, so I'm going to have to delay the tour."
TIME Morning Must Reads: April 6, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
Megyn Kelly: "There's a lot of brain damage that comes from the job."
Anita Hill: The Monica Lewinsky scandal "sent a message to young women in the workplace about how to 'get ahead.'"
Stop iTunes from being a slow motion disaster for your computer.
In the image, an African-American girl is posing next to a taller Caucasian girl who is propping her arm on the younger girl's head.
She's from the same high school as a student who did the same thing last year.
The 20,000 square-foot "Roastery" will be a place where customers can learn about coffee.
Donald Trump's remarks on Mexico have caused alarm south of the border.
5. Iron your clothes on the weekend.
"If the Kennedys had been barred from entering America after fleeing Ireland during the famine, my grandfather never would have been president."
Could you be more patient?
Could you wake up earlier?
Approach the issue in a non-judgmental way.
Some 114 of a total of 229 sites have oil, gas or mining concessions.
Now that's a Game of Thrones plot twist.
China has artificially expanded the reef to accommodate military operations.
"Cultivate that 'why.'"
You may want to get in touch with your feelings.
The Conservative leader faces calls from the opposition for an investigation.
Game of Thrones fans, listen up.
Talk about irony.
Ruby Rose: "We all deserve to be here."
The fallout from the yearlong investigation is far from over.
The gorillas have been impacted by the civil war, the establishment of mining camps and the growth of hunting.
Here's how to prevent it from happening to you.
At least 1,634 people were put to death across 25 different countries.
"Gear up for a film so desperate to recapture the magic of the first Star Wars it practically is the first Star Wars."
"I went from anonymous to famous because of Donald Trump."
The series will be back on Netflix on May 6.
The cost of education means young girls are often faced with a choice between dropping out of school or agreeing to perform sexual acts.
The study's author says the price increase "may deny some people access to a life saving therapy."
WhatsApp says encryption is needed to protect against hackers, identity thieves and "rogue" governments.
The original competition can be traced back to 776 B.C.
Kerry Washington said that it "felt strange."
"Don't underestimate the value of curiosity."
Elvis impersonators, casinos—and Justin Bieber?
Remember that iconic voice?
Adorable.
"You won't find your dream by standing still."
Walker and a friend died in a car crash in 2013
"I've told Fitbit how much I really weigh, a secret that I've never revealed to anyone while sober."
The Tea Party didn't come out of nowhere.
The governor has been accused of having an affair with a former employee
2. Your other challenges are put in perspective.
Time to catch some shut-eye.
Jade Lo is not your average 13-year-old.
"I've had enough of the unanswered threats and attacks against my family and me," Palin said
"Millions of families and individuals will be penalized for not purchasing health insurance they cannot afford."
One of them even tried to catch the bouquet.
Beyoncé: "I'm just exhausted by labels and tired of being boxed in."
Offshore companies are not just being used to evade taxes—but also to avoid paying exes.
Michelle Obama and Stephen Curry love their vegetables.
Amy Schumer: "Plus size is considered a size 16 in America. I go between a size 6 and an 8."
"We're all up in the desert filming 'Star Wars' because of our diets we can't eat no Mars Bars."
She completed 400 missions during her service.
Drake just created a dream team.
"Every day, Americans use products that have not been tested for safety by an independent expert they can trust."
It's easier than you think.
"You're going to see who's on the end of that bat."
Adorable.
"Get to know your neighbors. It can save your life."
One provider said it had received threats to "pull a Columbine."
Which VR headset is right for you?
Stunning.
Should you be afraid of a North Korean nuke?
Trevor Noah pushed Schultz on the feeling that the DNC is pro-Hillary Clinton.
The wing of one of the planes caught fire.
Donald J. Trump said he will cut off money that immigrants in the U.S. send home to Mexico.
Iceland's Prime Minister storms out of interview over offshore questions http://ti.me/1q3pXQi
If you boil carrots before chopping them, their anti-cancer properties are 25% higher.
Claire Danes had a pretty cool childhood home.
TIME Morning Must Reads: April 5, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
It was a jaw-dropping moment, literally.
You could be sitting on a goldmine.
Justin Bieber's new look has divided fans.
Melissa McCarthy is The Boss at Lip Sync Battle.
"A beautifully crafted play and dramatic shot ended a classic final."
Here are 9 insightful rules for emailing like a professional.
Have you tried olive oil on ice cream yet?
"The long-awaited moment was too sweet to be believed."
Delaveu was head of the global corruption watchdog.
Stop hitting the snooze button.
Game of Thrones is one of the most expensive shows ever made on TV.
The U.N. has been in the spotlight for months over allegations of sexual abuse by its peacekeepers.
Being emotional can be an asset.
Investigators accuse them of being involved in everything from nukes to oil.
5. You can't have everything.
"We should be telling people to eat a variety of dairy and remove the recommendation about fat content."
What went into the year long investigation.
The leak has put people at risk of identity theft and fraud.
1. Games teach you to keep moving forward.
It's sometimes called the 5-2 diet.
Many have protested the airline's request that they don headscarves when flying to the Muslim country.
The outbreak of hostilities is the worst since a war that ended in 1994.
"She knows my name isn't Tyrion."
What kind of happy do you want to be?
Elise Jordan writes that Donald Trump's treatment of women will destroy his chances of being elected.
Three boats carried about 200 people to Turkey.
If any of the four are chosen, they will be the first woman to hold the position.
Objectivity is important.
That buzzer-beating three-pointer that ended the NCAA Championship.
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Kris Jenkins spotted up and swished a 3-pointer at the buzzer.
3. Superfoodify your smoothie.
Who do you think is most influential?
Add these to your not-to-do list.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
Don't worry—you'll get to keep your miles.
Melinda Gates: "The fact that the potential of so many women is going unrealized is a tragedy–but it's also an opportunity."
Play ball.
You may want to get in touch with your feelings.
Start saving up.
The debate will take place on April 14
Who let the dog out?
It's complicated.
The world is officially on Bey Watch.
He chose the wrong waffle house.
Game of Thrones fans, listen up.
Cut the cable cord? You can still watch the game.
Try cleaning up your kitchen.
Sergei Roldugin met Putin during a night on the town in Leningrad in 1977.
Now your speakers can tell you when the game starts.
Backstreet's back… again.
Talk about going undercover(s).
Ruby Rose: "We all deserve to be here."
Could you be more patient?
"It's as close as you ever could be to a film in a theme park."
Could you wake up earlier?
Still drinking skim milk?
"If the Kennedys had been barred from entering America after fleeing Ireland during the famine, my grandfather never would have been president."
5. Iron your clothes on the weekend.
The Taliban intended to post official statements and videos on the app.
"Do you become a White Walker?"
James Corden started Carpool Karaoke with George Michael.
It's like a TV apocalypse.
"He loves women. But not a feminist."
"It's just the tip of a much bigger iceberg."
Tesla racked up 276,000 preorders in less than 72 hours.
"'One Shining Moment' perfectly captures the emotions of March Madness: the giddy underdogs, the enraged coach, the crying senior who lost his final game."
Now that's a Game of Thrones plot twist.
Female attendants were told they must wear the pants version of their uniform and a "loose-fitting jacket and headscarf" before exiting their planes.
"The toughest challenges and most rewarding opportunities are often the ones you didn't see coming."
Justin Timberlake thinks Donald J. Trump could learn a thing or two from Taylor Swift.
"Women more often than not find that being humble leaves them left out."
Don't try this at home.
1. Talk to yourself like a trusted friend.
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
Step away from your desk.
TIME Morning Must Reads: April 4, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
"Washington is like Rod Stewart's haircut — party in the front, party in the back, frankly too much party and no business anywhere."
1 hour before bed: No more screen time.
The nuclear arms race is anything but over
"I was given the invaluable gift of doing whatever the hell I wanted."
"If I had to do it again, I wouldn't have sent it."
Michelle Obama: "Men would whistle or make comments about how I looked as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property."
Commuters may encounter delays.
The search engine has plenty of tricks up its sleeve.
"Work, work, work, work, work."
"You are asking me nonsense."
The Amazon founder wants to usher in a new era of commercial space travel.
"I got to a point where one night I got home from a workout and I remember staring at my food and thinking maybe I should just not eat."
"Ten Years" won Best Film at the Hong Kong Film Festival.
J.K. Rowling: "I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down."
The 11.5 million documents released implicate several world leaders and their families.
Sometimes the landlord/tenant relationship can be a difficult one. But it doesn't have to be that way.
"The more it's talked about, the less scary and unknown it becomes."
3. Drink more water.
The debris is undergoing examination to determine if it belonged to MH370.
The proposed legislation would make abortion illegal in all cases.
You're literally drinking away your savings.
"The U.S. government needs people with computer skills on its side."
The operation started at dawn.
Katy Perry presented Dolly Parton with the country singer's eighth ACM honor.
Dozens of Qaryatain's Christians and other residents have been abducted by the extremists.
"David Bowie changed my life."
iPhone 6? 6s? SE?
"I find that many people can relate more to my mistakes than they can to my successes."
Leaked documents allegedly reveal money laundering, tax evasion and sanctions dodging.
What went down in the expanded 90-minute finale.
Accept invitations to as many meetings and events as possible.
10. Fortified cereals.
"This was a huge wake-up call for me and my company."
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
Stop hitting the snooze button.
5. You can't have everything.
3. Listen selectively.
Soda companies are trying all sorts of new strategies to get consumers buying again
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
Time for a playdate.
It's pretty simple.
It's "the Angriest Whopper."
1. How diverse is your staff?
Who would you vote for?
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
Caitlyn Jenner: "Ever since I transitioned, I've been asked, 'Who are you going to date?'"
Being emotional can be an asset.
Trump is behind in the polls in Wisconsin
"We are all part of the same community"
The new Tesla is set to start at $35,000.
It's sometimes called the 5-2 diet.
They also had a giant inflatable joint
Thought you ate too much at brunch?
"Never say 'I know' in response to criticism."
Police said she failed field sobriety tests and a breathalyzer test
Skip these words if you want to land the job.
The two people who died were not passengers on the train
Here are 9 insightful rules for emailing like a professional.
Elise Jordan writes that Donald Trump's treatment of women will destroy his chances of being elected
What kind of happy do you want to be?
Clinton previously apologized for using a private email server while she was Secretary of State
How does your state compare?
She and her sister are best known for directing the Matrix trilogy
"She knows my name isn't Tyrion"
What would you learn how to do?
Game of Thrones is one of the most expensive shows ever made on TV.
The GOP is preparing for a contested convention
Gorgeous.
"As a woman, I like Donald Trump, but as a full-blown nutjob, I freakin' love him"
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
1. Eat right away.
IQ is overrated.
Have you tried olive oil on ice cream yet?
Trapped inside the body of this cute 3-year-old boy is a used car salesman, a corporate lawyer, or both.
"It takes a lot more than charisma for a woman to be a CEO."
Did you know you can mute text messages?
Up to 80% of the factors that affect aging are well within our control.
The U.S. ranks at 13.
Hello, abdominal fat.
It's a lot more interesting than the the safety lectures on the runway.
"I even laughed at myself after I did this dive."
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
Aziz Ansari: "It was quicker for my dad to find a wife than it is for me to decide where to eat dinner."
Adorable.
Science says that caffeine comes with some real perks.
3. They create their own opportunities.
This woman took a year off from her marriage so she and her husband could sleep with other people.
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
An outfit says a thousand words.
It only takes 30 minutes.
"I think it's just to get attention. It's to get the likes. Everything's about the likes."
"I believe that toughness is not the same as strength."
Punching things does make them feel better.
"Disagreements are normal, so if you aren't fighting, chances are you're holding back."
"Walking away from this friendship was the most liberating thing I've done in years."
Both sides have dug in.
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
You're literally drinking away your savings.
The search engine has plenty of tricks up its sleeve.
Good night, insomnia.
J.K. Rowling: "I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down."
"If I had to do it again, I wouldn't have sent it"
Massachusetts is among the highest at $10 an hour.
Always make a good impression.
"David Bowie changed my life"
Both campaigns have accused the other of thwarting a new face-off
Michelle Obama: "Men would whistle or make comments about how I looked as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property."
iPhone 6? 6s? SE?
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
Jimmy Fallon's puppies have proven to be reliable before
There were 6,000 earthquakes in Oklahoma last year—and this year's already worse.
How much sleep does Bill Gates get?
"Work, work, work, work, work"
What does "SE" mean?
3. Drink more water.
Never have a cringe-worthy first-date moment again.
Prosecutors say the killing was motivated by 'the victim's sexual orientation'
"Many Instagram users are furious about the company's new update. Here's why they shouldn't be."
"Focus on rewards rather than punishment."
Sometimes the landlord/tenant relationship can be a difficult one. But it does not have to be that way.
"Secretary Clinton, you owe us an apology. We were telling the truth"
Going for a run?
"The FBI will of course consider any tool that might be helpful to our partners"
We've rounded up the day's best jokes
The actor said palm oil plantations are destroying the environment
He also explained why he endorsed Donald Trump
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
"I failed miserably during one of my first experiments on the Moon"
3. Optimize it for mobile viewing.
"You have to use every second you get in a day."
When you really need to.
"There's a better way to raise your child."
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
Barack Obama: "As the father of two daughters, one of the things I'm always looking for are strong women who are out there breaking barriers."
"That's not a police matter, ma'am"
"Many child prodigies have autistic family members."
3. Know what drains you and what sustains you.
A guide for women, men and bosses.
It's something no one really gets instruction in.
Hint: You might be working for one.
"I don't feel love for my husband 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Nor does he."
It's not time to coast just yet.
Know your rights.
Now here's a bunny who knows what he wants.
Instagram: Where emotions can run wild – and where insecurities run wilder.
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
2. Don't vent your anger.
Food can help you set the mood.
A healthy snack will tide you over.
"Punishing women with policies that take away our rights is—and always has been—the point."
Maria Shriver: "No one is immune from some kind of struggle."
Something clicked.
Mass-market beer.
Step away from your desk.
"Superman is a fraud."
Reba McEntire: "Find a job that you love, so that you're a happy person all the time."
"There are limits to what we can get out of life and marriage."
This season of Game of Thrones "is not a response."
It's the Godzilla of Big Macs
Buzz Aldrin: "Maybe moving around on the Moon would be more difficult than I'd anticipated."
"Don't deny me the memories of my son."
There's just one catch.
"I had to learn patience and how to tolerate anxiety while watching my daughter scream in fury because she couldn't maneuver her arm into a sleeve."
"But none of this is fair."
Donald J. Trump: "You could have riots in our streets also."
"And then much to my surprise, I feel…relieved."
He blames all the Windy City's impending bad weather on his hero brother, Thor.
Over 100,000 people reserved the car before they even saw it.
Could you improve your morning routine?
Erin Heatherton: "My last two Victoria's Secret shows, I was told I had to lose weight."
"It was funny for me that it's such an amazing character and all they have to critique is her bust."
Cara Delevingne: "I am so lucky for the work I get to do but I used to work to try and escape and just ended up completely exhausting myself."
"The shenanigans are doing more harm than good, and it's time to let them die."
Long commute?
Donald J. Trump's campaign HQ was listed as the contact for free tickets.
Stop snacking mindlessly.
No, Mark Zuckerberg is not starting a collaboration with H&M, and it won't include a "collection pack" of seven gray t-shirts and one pair of jeans.
Taylor Swift gives Drake a run for his money.
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
How to make a resumé for today.
This is what the experts say you should do.
Sia has written songs for Beyoncé, Adele, Britney Spears, Katy Perry—and the list goes on.
It's not an April Fool's joke.
TIME Morning Must Reads: April 1, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
It's just a matter of asking the right questions.
4. Domino's edible pizza boxes.
4 cues give it away.
Ever wondered what your Uber driver thought of you?
Add a bit of subversion to your feed.
He said it would never happen.
Gmail users were not amused.
Smuggling is a way of life in the Colombian border town of Cúcuta.
"Why aren't we seeing more images of Kim Kardashian West in a business meeting running the show or having meetings with other parents or of her helping change her kid's diaper?"
Do you recognize Britney Spears and Leonardo DiCaprio?
Take a closer look at what didn't make the final cut.
Try falling asleep surrounded by 35 sharks.
Regular cakes are so last year.
Stunning.
They have more votes than Taylor Swift and Beyoncé combined.
"My body was so battered I no longer cared if I lived or died."
These late bloomers achieved their dreams — eventually.
"Sex on television has gone from a titillating distraction to a real reflection of people's lives."
67 survivors have been pulled from the rubble.
Karlie Kloss: "Too few girls are encouraged to embrace their inner nerd and pursue math, science and programming."
"There's nothing wrong with updating old characters — except when it betrays their fundamental nature."
"Your success will not be determined by your gender or your ethnicity, but only on the scope of your dreams."
More than 100 people were arrested after protesters lobbed paint bombs at storefronts and detonated smoke canisters.
Asylum seekers could be sent back to Turkey under a deal reached with the E.U.
Do you think like this?
It's been difficult to pin down just who the real protagonist of Game of Thrones is.
Her work was "like a gust of wind — organic, forceful and utterly natural."
Authorities believe that Safra is linked to a scheme that paid tax officials millions in exchange for reduced taxes on a major Brazilian bank.
Buyers have already reserved more than 115,000 Model 3 sedans.
Erdogan is facing increasing criticism for his crackdown on free speech at home.
Virgin Atlantic glass-bottom plane.
"We must face the fact that a number of troops who were sent to protect people instead acted with hearts of darkness."
Some helpful background for all those new stories about Georgia and North Carolina.
The consequences are drastic.
4. Cleopatra.
Adorable.
"A winky face may be creepy to one person and friendly to another."
3. Corn tortillas.
Talk about checkmate.
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
Add one of these to your workout routine.
Looking for a new TV?
Oops.
"A wonderful reminder to never give up hope."
Here's a look at what's inside Oculus's new headset.
It originally hit him in the knee.
Rihanna just released a new music video.
It didn't go well for them
Beyoncé: "I remember wanting to stop, but I would push myself to keep going."
Cosby is accused of molesting a 15-year-old at the Playboy Mansion in 1974.
A small but growing number of refugees are going back to their home countries
Cersei Lannister knows her swords.
"She created a language that's unique to her."
Chris Hemsworth: "I think that my views on things, as far as respect for women and so on, came from my mum."
"That's not sexist at all."
Iggy Azalea waltzes through security.
Donald J. Trump "told the truth, saying that if abortion were illegal, women should be punished."
"It's so refreshing to finally see Emily and Kim move from exploitation to activism."
Watch a virtual debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump.
Try this super quick—and borderline healthy—recipe.
Is Beyoncé about pull a Beyoncé again?
Players in men's Major League Soccer make an average of more than $300,000.
Is it a date?
Dr Pepper sent 41,000 bottles of water to Flint in exchange for the username.
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%.
She pictured a world in which architects pursued riskier and more creative designs.
"That's what I wish people would understand. This wasn't a 'choice.' I was just born this way."
Piers Morgan wasn't the only one who had something to say about Kim Kardashian West and Emily Ratajkowski's photo.
Get in formation with Beyoncé's new activewear.
Photographer Anne Geddes shares 7 tips to photograph babies.
You can also get Vitamin Water and cleaning supplies.
She was the first woman to win the Pritzker Prize for architecture.
Game of Thrones is one of the most expensive shows ever made on TV.
"I encourage my teams to tell me the truth and not just what they think I want to hear."
She says his romantic story "couldn't be further from the truth."
The "friend zone" is real.
"If the evidence is there, it's there."
Abby Wambach: "I know what it feels like to be looked at differently."
Kanye caved—just a bit.
She's only 11!
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 31, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
"Donald is a unique individual."
Carli Lloyd: "We have proven our worth over the years."
Make April Fools' Day easy.
Get clear on your intentions for the conversation.
Cold as ice.
Decades worth of selective breeding has resulted in bigger, faster-growing birds.
"Never say 'I know' in response to criticism."
'Hamilton' is seeking 'non-white' actors.
The film was pulled from the Tribeca Film Festival.
"This bill opens the door for me to get fired from my job or kicked out of my home simply because of who I am."
Coming up with your next move can feel paralyzing.
"She doesn't fight back immediately, but she'll get her revenge one day I think."
The struggle isn't over.
4. Prep the kids.
This might be why you're snacking.
She compared Muslim women who wear their faith's traditional garments to "American negroes" who supported slavery.
Never have a cringe-worthy first-date moment again.
1. Location matters.
"I can't comprehend how this crazy, unexpected path could have led to a life I truly love."
The scandal intensifies around Malaysia's embattled leader.
The release is part of the promotion for "Alien Day."
Spotify has some notable gaps in its library.
Stunning.
Italian authorities and the victim's family have rejected the official explanation for his death.
Libya has been dominated by an array of militias since the 2011 uprising.
Everyone is scared of something.
Windows apps are about to get smarter.
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Gorgeous.
"I wanted to represent how we as a country are a little overweight when it comes to other countries."
"Sex on television has gone from a titillating distraction to a real reflection of people's lives."
"Being and staying confident is an ongoing process—it's not like you become confident and then you stay that way forever."
It's a standalone movie about the Dark Knight.
The findings paint a grim picture of cities across the global inundated with water.
A four-year-old girl was decapitated in an attack on a Taiwan street on Monday.
"Why aren't we seeing more images of Kim Kardashian West in a business meeting running the show or having meetings with other parents or of her helping change her kid's diaper?"
You could plan trips, shop and book a hotel all within Skype.
It left a bruise.
4. Rotate "office housework."
Most meta software update ever?
Regular cakes are so last year.
These late bloomers achieved their dreams—eventually.
"2016 might just be the year of the plus-size cover model."
It apologized for a suprising harsh bit of travel advice
"Our main job is to deliver the news in the best way we can."
No one knows what exactly happened.
It isn't easy to find a mentor.
"Would you like it if your own daughter's merits were assessed by someone like you?"
Ever wondered what your Uber driver thought of you?
"The implication is that to be sexual is to be trashy."
Facebook is changing how you fly.
She even has the same hairstyle and makeup as Adele.
Donald J. Trump: "There has to be some form of punishment."
It's like cord cutting, but for cell phones.
Would you name your son after Kylo Ren?
Julianne Hough: "I used to fall off really easily, and once I fell off, I would just go crazy."
Biggie might get the hologram treatment.
Take a closer look at what didn't make the final cut.
Three first-graders have been suspended for plotting to kill a classmate with poison.
Adele: "I'm proud of it. I call it Larry."
The move could undo some state restrictions.
Stunning.
Do cats in different parts of the country have varying meows?
Try falling asleep surrounded by 35 sharks.
Whoopi Goldberg's line will include a balm, a tincture, a bath soak and an edible product.
"There's nothing wrong with updating old characters—except when it betrays their fundamental nature."
They have more votes than Taylor Swift and Beyoncé combined.
Not bad, eh?
The first liver and kidney transplants from a donor with HIV in the U.S. were completed Wednesday.
Karlie Kloss: "Too few girls are encouraged to embrace their inner nerd and pursue math, science and programming."
A mother charged with murdering her 2-year-old daughter commissioned photos of herself at the girl's gravesite.
"The iPad Pro is a gorgeous and powerful tablet that certainly won't disappoint."
What kind of happy do you want to be?
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts is giving out free donuts.
California will gradually raise the state's minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2022.
Seth Meyers: "Half the people in the room had bunny ears on."
Prince William came to his rescue.
There is a better way.
It's sometimes called the 5-2 diet.
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 30, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
Jennifer Lopez dismissed the old rumor that she'd had her butt insured for $1 million.
"Get a life Megyn!"
Police are now investigating
Man-made earthquakes have made parts of Oklahoma as seismic as parts of California.
He walked away with $76,000 in cash and prizes
"Your time is precious."
Oops.
Apple remains in the dark
Your old laptop might be worth something.
The good news is your liver and kidneys do a pretty good job without juices, fasts, or strange concoctions.
"This is just bizarre."
The structure that huge is untested.
Adele says she won't let anyone make her feel guilty.
Instagram is trying to reassure its millions of users that there's no reason to panic.
The defendants say "the Klingon language itself is an idea or a system, and is not copyrightable."
It could be a plane getting delayed or waiting for medical results.
Did you know a single cotton T-shirt requires about 700 gallons of water to make?
"What I see here are amateurs, not military operations."
1. Chew gum.
Tay was discontinued after she began spouting bigotry.
The country's censors have historically taken a dim view of homosexuality.
Put down the cotton swab.
About one-fifth of the airport's normal 5,000-passenger daily capacity is expected to resume initially.
10. Fortified cereals.
The close confidante of Aung San Suu Kyi will assume office on April 1.
He was one of TIME's 30 most influential people on the internet thanks to his breakout success on YouTube.
"Australia was not settled peacefully, it was invaded, occupied and colonized," the guide says.
Innes is seen posing next to the suspect with the "suicide belt," which was later found to be fake.
Still not sure what Oculus Rift is?
The former Mississippi State University student faces up to 20 years in prison, $250,000 in fines and lifetime probation.
TIME wrote in 1970: "Skyjackers are the greatest threat to travel since bandits roamed the Old West."
Visit the house from 'Sabrina the Teenage Witch.'
Just be glad you're thousands of times bigger than they are.
Growing up with a sibling impacts your mental and physical health.
It could be a sign you're not getting enough sleep.
Adorable.
"There is huge potential."
Get them while you can.
Spotify has some notable gaps in its library.
Coming up with your next move can feel paralyzing.
Everyone is scared of something.
1. How diverse is your staff?
Amazing.
Soda companies are trying all sorts of new strategies to get consumers buying again
Never have a cringe-worthy first-date moment again.
"That's not a police matter, ma'am"
Working from home has it advantages.
The epic battle moves to Brooklyn
"Never say 'I know' in response to criticism."
"America first" won't make America great again
Get a little outside perspective.
"I could worry for the next five hours, or I could accept the fact that I couldn't parent from a plane."
"Hugh Glass and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day."
"That's actually my worst fear."
"You're with your partner for a reason. Go back to those reasons."
Throw all your other remotes away.
"I love the fact that babies can bring magic to an image."
This might be why you're snacking.
1. Location matters.
Tricks to get you back on track.
"She doesn't fight back immediately, but she'll get her revenge one day I think."
Time for a playdate.
Instagram videos just got a lot longer.
And she wants to lift 260 pounds by June.
It's not just opioids and heroin.
"It looks like an iPhone 5s but performs like an iPhone 6s."
Caitlyn Jenner: "Ever since I transitioned, I've been asked, 'Who are you going to date?'"
It's all fun and games until the inevitable happens.
It's "the Angriest Whopper."
The new Tesla is set to start at $35,000.
Do you hate uncertainty?
Sarah Silverman: "I'm not against Hillary. I just met someone I have more in common with, and his name is Bernie Sanders."
Bert and Ernie are back at it again.
Breaking: Donald J. Trump's campaign manager has been charged with misdemeanor battery.
Harrison Ford's leather jacket could be yours.
"I apologized to my rapist for calling him a rapist. What a thing to live with."
Wentworth Miller: "I've struggled with depression since childhood."
Exclusive: Watch Kevin Spacey and Michael Shannon in an Elvis & Nixon featurette.
"I feel very lucky my job is asking, 'What would be fun tonight?'"
It begins with a night out with Bollywood's biggest stars.
Has your iPhone been crashing?
"I don't want to live around in my community where I got to keep on hearing and hearing people keep on getting shot, people keep on getting killed."
Khaleesi has spoken.
'DWTS' puts their own spin on the Trump Train.
"We will have to chew the roots of plants once again."
Air pollution leads to 16,000 premature births in the U.S. each year.
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 29, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
This is weird.
This perp allegedly wanted to livestream a sexual assault.
What the hell is that thing with Lex Luthor?
2. Clean your desk.
Ben Affleck needs to work on his poker face.
13 research-backed tips to workout smarter.
For all of you who aren't quite morning people.
'Game of Thrones' returns to HBO on April 24.
Ever just feel like walking a dog?
If you've got a Rift and you're looking for what to play.
"He saw roadside bombs when he drove and the faces of the dead when he closed his eyes."
3. Drink more water.
These women won't rest until the shame of rape is aimed where it should be: at perpetrators instead of victims.
Flight MS181 was on route to Cairo from Alexandria when it was diverted to Cyprus.
Which smartphone is right for you?
Callejas pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy.
The bomber struck a park crowded with families.
Beirão was sentenced to five-and-a-half years in jail for allegedly attempting to overthrow the president.
Using too many fillers can undermine your message.
Police have launched an investigation into the apparent random killing.
What do you do to celebrate the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death?
China's faithful worship in so-called underground churches that face a constant threat of closure or even jail time for their priests.
"I picked up the bodies and limbs until the police came."
Can't afford a $600 Oculus Rift headset?
Add these to your not-to-do list.
Video posted on social media shows burning debris falling to the ground as fire engulfs the side of the tower.
"We will not allow them to play with the lives of the people of Pakistan."
Tired of throwing out food that's gone bad?
Watch 'How to make stress your friend.'
"Credit or debit?"
From sleek wrap dresses to those inescapable royal hats.
Skip these words if you want to land the job.
"It's the coziest bedroom I've ever had."
Kesha: "Ain't nobody got time for it."
Lois Lane has to be saved by Superman four different times in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
The good news is your liver and kidneys do a pretty good job without juices, fasts, or strange concoctions.
Who will you vote for?
Did you know a single cotton T-shirt requires about 700 gallons of water to make?
Adorable.
If you blinked, you probably missed something
After a Clinton aide objected to Bernie Sanders' tone
He was one of TIME's 30 most influential people on the internet thanks to his breakout success on YouTube
1. Chew gum.
"Caitlyn Jenner's political allegiances have disappointed many in the transgender community."
"Get a life Megyn!"
She lost, and the episode aired anyway
The surprise development effectively ends a pitched court battle between Apple and the Obama administration
10. Fortified cereals.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg will showcase her acting talents this summer.
Man-made earthquakes have made parts of Oklahoma as seismic as parts of California.
They had blamed the error on Google Maps.
"I became fearful, but not for myself. I was fearful for my two children."
"She is the lady in red when everybody else is wearing tan."
Ivanka Trump: "No one negotiates more aggressively than a toddler."
Beyoncé and JAY Z made a surprise appearance.
Guacamole is still extra.
Visit the house from 'Sabrina the Teenage Witch.'
Put down the cotton swab.
She was playing in a bouncy castle at an Easter fair.
Adele says she won't let anyone make her feel guilty.
Some say Instagram's change will hurt small businesses.
Oops.
It promises to revolutionize the way we live, play and learn.
Still not sure what Oculus Rift is?
She got out when her suspected kidnapper forgot to lock the door.
She allegedly pushed a 4-year-old special-needs student to the ground.
She spent most of her life believing her mother was dead.
"Many Instagram users are furious about the company's new update. Here's why they shouldn't be."
"Your time is precious."
"This is just bizarre."
The two heroes are forced to unite against a common enemy.
"It's brilliant. It's fascinating. It's not perfect, but it's only getting started."
The Giant Omelette Brotherhood of Bessieres gathered on Easter.
Your old laptop might be worth something.
John Oliver wants you to know the truth about Cadbury Creme Eggs.
Not just for the reasons you'd think
There were 6,000 earthquakes in Oklahoma last year—and this year's already worse.
It included no year of death
His photo is part of the company's push for gender equality.
Also known as the Face With One Eyebrow Raised emoji.
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 28, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
"We need unpredictability."
"A sense of humor mattered."
It's actually part of the company's master plan.
Men with Zika should wait six months after onset of symptoms before having unprotected sex.
5. Stretch.
The island is just 60 miles off the coast of Taiwan.
Your mind — not your body — is holding you back.
Did you know you can mute text messages?
Millions or billions of years ago, liquids might have pooled on the surface of Pluto.
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
Fitness trackers are getting smarter, smaller and more comfortable to wear.
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
"This is the right time for her to be coming and taking the spotlight from all the male superheroes."
"Focus on how previous success gives you the confidence to know that you can accomplish anything."
The attack raises questions about why greater protection wasn't provided to Lahore's Christians before the bomber struck.
Kanye celebrated Easter Sunday with the surprise debut of a new song.
The letter is the latest token of political dissatisfaction in mainland China.
"This Is What the Truth Feels Like" is Stefani's third solo album.
Many mourners used the hashtag #PrayforPakistan.
When you really need to.
A total of four U.S. citizens have now been confirmed as victims.
Police described Manuel Alvarez as "the main operator of money laundering."
The haul had a street value of more than $202,000.
The explosion took place near the children's rides in Gulshan-e-Iqbal park.
"Since we've started this training, I'd say the incidence of trafficking has dropped dramatically."
The fighting left nearly 500 dead.
For all of you who aren't quite morning people.
Add these to your not-to-do list.
It's something no one really gets instruction in.
Totally different.
"Everyone being called a 'curvy model' or a 'plus-size' model is breaking the boundary."
"Every day we pray that the border will open tomorrow."
Here's how to do it.
Ben Affleck needs to work on his poker face.
For the first time, a member of Team USA will be wearing a hijab.
These women won't rest until the shame of rape is aimed where it should be: at perpetrators instead of victims.
Which smartphone is right for you?
Using too many fillers can undermine your message.
Ted Cruz wants to "empower law enforcement to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized"
This 13-year-old girl stranded in a refugee camp is trying to get out http://ti.me/1Ui0X4N
2. Clean your desk.
Ever just feel like walking a dog?
"Hugh is completely fine, as is his family"
The puppies get bigger, but the floor never gets less slippery.
Some parents ignored the planned three start times for different age groups
3. Drink more water.
Facebook accidentally sent out the alert to people around the world
3. Some of today's most popular swear words have been around for more than a thousand years.
The stakes were high for the Warner Bros. superhero showdown
Another reason to go for that run.
He was seen acting suspiciously
If you blinked, you probably missed something
The search engine has plenty of tricks up its sleeve.
Cast your vote in the TIME 100 poll http://ti.me/1PvHSEj
The actor faced backlash about the movie's controversial and widely-debunked anti-vaccination message
Poor Lois
They could disappear in as little as a few decades.
A pilot shortage is affecting travelers everywhere.
The popular ritual symbolizes Jesus's victory over evil
If you're looking for love, think about where you're spending your time.
What would you learn how to do?
He also urged countries to remember refugees fleeing war or poverty
"Game of Thrones" returns to HBO on April 24
Here's what science says is most important.
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
Sanders showed Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party that he can't be ignored
1. Eat right away.
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
For those of you who are always on the go.
Being a lifeguard isn't easy.
Stunning.
5. You can't have everything.
"This makes no sense!"
Witness an epic proposal one year in the making.
Some little girls are excited to become big sisters—not this one.
Some riders get pretty into it.
Prepare for dysentery.
Lights, camera, infraction.
Extra bouncy.
Now here's a bunny who knows what he wants.
He yelps and howls as he paces around the rest of the house.
Watch as he carefully demonstrates the proper crawling technique.
Whoa.
They can barely keep themselves upright.
You can thank us later.
Gorgeous.
Trapped inside the body of this cute 3-year-old boy is a used car salesman, a corporate lawyer, or both.
Apology accepted.
"Beauty is more based on character than an arbitrary data point."
"I wanted to represent how we as a country are a little overweight when it comes to other countries," the artist said.
Adorable.
The poor cat is just trying to catch some Z's.
See the dramatic differences between identical twins over time.
Don't try this at home.
Find out the single best predictor of whether a relationship is working.
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
The girl turned herself in before detonating her explosives
Did you know you can mute text messages?
"We need unpredictability"
Your mind—not your body—is holding you back.
Having trouble keeping track of villains and heroes? We've got you covered.
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
The Pentagon has long banned the use of personal email for official business
An outfit says a thousand words.
The U.S. ranks at 13.
Police are investigating the incident as a case of arson
This man can listen to a couple for 5 minutes and determine, with 91% accuracy, whether they'll divorce.
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Move over, sports drinks.
It's one of the world's most surreal pyrotechnic displays.
Are you really smarter than a fifth grader?
Amazing.
The Caped Crusader would be proud
She must really love Sriracha
"Feedback tells us more about the preferences and expectations of the person giving it."
Cringe-worthy or cute?
The Batsuit has changed a lot over more than seven decades.
Sanders has had some impressive recent success
These are dead giveaways that will make others second guess.
He is suspected of attempted murder relating to terrorist plots
Who would you vote for?
"You have to use every second you get in a day."
It's really adorable
The photo has come to define the attacks.
Enough to see tons and tons of photos
It's all about good storytelling.
Where do you fall on the spectrum between introvert and extrovert?
Eat up!
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
IQ is overrated.
Here's the magic ratio.
It's a lot more interesting than the the safety lectures on the runway.
So brave.
"Dealing with a narcissist regularly is like having a pet tiger."
See which patties made the biggest impact on the burger industry—and the world at large.
Will your debts die with you?
"One of the most successful ways to raise drug awareness is to show substances' harrowing impact on a user's face over time."
6. You don't have as much to lose as you think.
Which list is your school on?
She inspired a whole group of strangers to join in.
"Are the fries even made out of potatoes?"
Looking for love in the wrong places?
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
Add these to your bucket list.
A healthy snack will tide you over.
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
It's science.
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
Always make a good impression.
Science says that caffeine comes with some real perks.
Food can help you set the mood.
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
This is what's sabotaging your workouts.
Feeling hungry?
Stunning.
No more bad moods.
"Surprised they even allow 7-year-olds into those places? Think again."
6. They prioritized hiring a female director.
"He did seem to understand the power of tweeting."
BB-8 even dressed up for the occasion.
It contains 40,000 balls.
Pope Francis visited a refugee center near Rome.
It's an Easter egg hunt that can be done from home.
"So buckle up, I guess?"
Ted Cruz: "I want to be crystal clear: these attacks are garbage."
Arrive in style.
See how Miley Cyrus and the gang have changed.
"Superman is a fraud."
But it's actually part of Netflix's master plan.
It's a sweet story.
"Chris Is Risen."
"You know what would be nice? If you smiled."
Michelle Obama: "Men would whistle or make comments about how I looked as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property."
Feel like you're seeing PEEPs and Cadbury Creme Eggs earlier than usual?
"It's like one of my kids came home."
Would you vote for Bernie Sanders?
"There were many lapses."
Adorable.
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
"'I have to win this' is never a thought in my mind when I compete."
"A sense of humor mattered. It cut right through the stress."
Featuring James Potter and his soon-to-be-wife Lily.
Ben Affleck needs to work on his poker face.
"We were really close. I feel lucky to have escaped with what I did."
No, he doesn't think millennials are lazy.
"It was a true turning point for me."
"It feels like a dagger in the heart."
"So this is about pot, right?"
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 25, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
J.K. Rowling: "I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down."
"You will be able to fly New York to London in three-and-a-half hours for $5,000."
The concert is dedicated to the show's music, from Oscar-winning composer Michael Giacchino.
Ben Affleck found the cutest superheroes.
2. Connect with the Embassy.
It's time to adjust your computer monitor.
What is it about brothers and terrorism?
He created one of television's most beloved family shows.
Stop hitting the snooze button.
The scandal has rocked Brazil, with President Dilma Rousseff facing impeachment.
The U.S. "is praying and grieving with you," John Kerry said in Brussels.
Marathon-running has become something of a fad in China.
Some musicians aren't happy about it.
3. They create their own opportunities.
"Extremists and anti-Islam activists resort to cherry picking and censorship."
It's great, but a little hidden.
The meat from the animals brought into port may end up on supermarket shelves.
It takes around four weeks.
Some types of mouthwash may be trouble.
The track serves as a response to his critics.
"Adiós Zika!"
He was arrested on suspicion of inciting racial hatred.
Batman and Superman go way back.
Venezuela provides more players to Major League clubs than any other foreign country except the Dominican Republic.
Having trouble keeping track of all the villains and heroes?
There's still time to catch up.
The suspects include a mosque cleric, a student, a police officer and an airplane technician.
3. Optimize it for mobile viewing.
Survivors of militia attacks in Darfur say they were entitled to be deemed joint authors of taped interviews that were used to make the film 'The Good Lie.'
The one word you should stop using immediately.
Kerry is in Moscow for ten days of talks with Putin.
"We have different cultures and religions, but we are brothers."
The Rolling Stones landed in Havana to play a free concert.
Tracy Morgan: "I was in a very dark place."
The Naked Cowboy: "When I started this, my goal was to become the most celebrated entertainer of all time in a year or less."
My Big Fat Greek Wedding's jokes are "mostly just toothless and silly."
Hannah Montana premiered 10 years ago today.
Being emotional can be an asset.
What makes kids persist?
"Conditions there have grown increasingly nasty, with shortages of food, toilets and health care, not to mention beds."
It's a prettay, prettay, prettay good website.
Should a teacher reward a whole class for the good deeds of one student?
Wonder Woman hasn't enjoyed the spotlight since her late-1970s TV show
Adorable.
Police found bomb-making material in the area earlier
Who do you think would win?
TIME's Jay Newton-Small writes that the Republican debate on women shouldn't be "limited to who's prettier and how good a baker one's wife is"
Sometimes you need to ask the dumb question.
Watch the unseen footage.
Here's hoping we all hit Boardwalk.
The Batsuit has changed a lot over more than seven decades.
"Donald Trump inherited a fortune from his father and then he maintained it by cheating people"
They really get into the Easter spirit.
Going for a run?
Game of Thrones' new season will revolve around the female characters.
"Yo, my man Charlie Brown is straight-up baked."
There's even a mic drop.
Do you feel better or worse after you cry?
Ever just feel like walking a dog?
Here's everything to know before you head to the theater.
Adorable.
A superhero scorecard.
The bot tweeted that the Holocaust was "was made up," followed by a clapping emoji.
"You should say thank you to every single person who gives you a cent."
It's not the first time Gigi Hadid has responded to critics.
Iran hacked into the computerized controls of a small dam 25 miles north of New York City.
It's called a "Burgerizza."
Zika is just one of many mysterious diseases you'd never heard of.
Kenan and Kel will be together again at last.
"Next time you wake up and you feel down on yourself, remember that Diane von Furstenberg, and every other woman in the world, feels that way sometimes, too."
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
3. Optimize it for mobile viewing.
3. Drink more water.
It will make it easier to remove imposter profiles.
"Mummy, I think you should turn this off."
Try these simple tips.
Who tops the list?
1. Skip the nightcap.
Cast your vote in the TIME 100 poll http://ti.me/1MnBdkA
"Poor old Kim can't catch a break."
This 13-year-old girl stranded in a refugee camp is praying to get out http://ti.me/1q3VjXd
What do John Oliver, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and an Australian marathoner have in common? They are a few of Fortune Magazine's World's Greatest Leaders.
""We think the show is incredibly relevant today, and besides general fandom of the show, we're interested in seeing how it contrasts or reflects the America we live in now."
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 24, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
Gay rights leaders and transgender people said the legislation demonizes the community.
TIME's new cover: Immunotherapy. What if your immune system could be taught to kill cancer? http://ti.me/1q3ISe4
"This is a show that has no real winner."
Put down the calendar.
5. Stuff in Canada.
Watch the interactive Doodle coms to life with bursts of virtual colored powder.
"In the shelter, removing breed labels was associated with increased adoptions."
The whole first family got in on the move.
The photo has come to define the attacks.
Solar filaments are gas clouds that hover over the sun.
It takes more than the occasional slice of sashimi.
What would you learn how to do?
You might want to put on your glasses.
Ai Takagi was charged with sedition for posting false stories online.
4. Wallow — briefly — then move on.
"Words like shrill, caterwauling, shrieking, yowling and screeching are all associated with women — not men."
"The entire system lacked proper legitimacy."
Another reason to go for that run.
"Feedback tells us more about the preferences and expectations of the person giving it."
Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke joined over a million others demanding a total ban on FGM.
Adorable.
The discovery of the two pieces provide another piece of the puzzle into the plane's fate.
The 23-year-old kept her five-year relationship with Isaiah Silva relatively private.
The extremist group captured Palmyra last May.
Thought getting your dog to roll over was a big deal?
Su Bin admitted to conspiring to export U.S. military information to the communist nation.
What a time to be alive.
"There are limits to what we can get out of life and marriage."
Batman and Superman go way back.
The President partnered with a professional tango dancer.
Stop hitting the snooze button.
Doctors testified that the infant's injuries were indicative of being shaken.
Who would you swipe right for?
It goes back to 1994.
They were a little impatient.
"You will be able to fly New York to London in three-and-a-half hours for $5,000."
Get them while you can
A pilot shortage is affecting travelers everywhere.
There's still time to catch up.
Hillary Clinton would crush Trump in November, according to the poll
Some musicians aren't happy about it.
Party foul.
Just try not to smile.
Kevin Hart: "I believe there's an athlete in all of us."
What is it about brothers and terrorism?
The USS Conestoga departed San Francisco in 1921 and never arrived in Hawaii.
"It was impossible to do what we had to do."
It started with a mistake in a PowerPoint presentation.
It's tough to find.
His DNA was found on the suicide belts used in the Paris attack.
Having trouble keeping track of all the villains and heroes?
They started a beer company called "Mmmhops."
Amazing.
It takes around four weeks.
"Living in constant fear isn't living at all."
"I don't want to think about what would have happened if she wasn't there."
Turns out you've been singing 'MMMbop' wrong this whole time.
3. They create their own opportunities.
They may be thinner than the MacBook Air.
Police said there was evidence she had tried to escape.
Adorable.
Cast your vote.
It's easier than ever to capture beautiful aerial photos and videos.
A taxi driver recognized the three suspects on the security camera as passengers he had driven to the airport.
He argued with an employee and then dropped a 13-foot-python in the middle of the restaurant.
Some types of mouthwash may be trouble.
"The D.C. man needs to step up his game."
Which smartphone is right for you?
It's time to adjust your computer monitor.
Bridget Jones is back, with a baby on board.
2. Connect with the Embassy.
"It was a true turning point for me."
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 23, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
"Rather than a government of the people, by the people and for the people, we have a government of super-PACs and dark money."
"I Will Survive" will keep on surviving in the Library of Congress.
2. Keep snacks and lunches organized in your fridge.
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
2. Clean your desk.
"Learn how to push your own buttons."
The Sumatran rhino was once thought to be extinct from the region.
You'll get to log some time with friends, too.
The material is being examined.
Turn down the volume in your environment and listen to yourself chew.
"Jon Snow is alive, but he comes back as a mouse."
"Hopefully he's run his lifelong odds and we're done."
There are 663 million people around the world live without access to safe water.
Teach kids to trust their instincts.
The brothers have been named as the suicide bombers who killed at least 11 people when they detonated explosives in Brussels Zaventem Airport.
The bombings in Brussels mark the third large-scale terror attack in Europe in the past 15 months.
Fierce battles continue over the terms on which women can obtain the contraceptive care they want and need.
For migrants seeking asylum in the E.U., the 833-mile Arctic border offers an alternative crossing.
Using too many fillers can undermine your message.
It weighs less than a pound.
"There is huge potential."
Authorities have launched a manhunt for the suspected bomber.
About 40 people were reportedly killed or wounded in the strike.
Are you protected against geotagging hacks?
The more noise your food makes, the less of it you'll eat.
Do you tell your children you're proud of them?
Adele: "This is for Brussels."
One solution would be to move checkpoints farther out, "but that only relocates the area where people gather."
Candace Cameron Bure: "I don't think I dreamed big enough when I was a kid."
The Parenthood and Gilmore Girls worlds are colliding.
"The guy will say or do anything to become President."
"Batman v Superman lunges for greatness instead of building toward it."
1. Bowls.
4. Wallow—briefly—then move on.
Sarah Palin isn't a judge, but she's going to play one on TV.
He's been in the 80-foot tree for hours
Put down the calendar.
The photo has come to define the attacks
The whole first family got in on the move.
"I always thought this day would come"
"Some people may feel more emotionally impacted than others."
The group has shown it can reach beyond the Middle East
This is what Caitlyn Jenner told Kim Kardashian West before her first on-camera interview.
What would you learn how to do?
"It's important to remember that we all can choose to act—or not act."
Three coordinated explosions killed at least 34 people and injured nearly 200 others
He's also surprised it remained a secret.
You might want to put on your glasses.
"Je suis Bruxelles."
iPhone 6? 6s? SE?
From Paris to Rome.
What does "SE" mean?
Europe's borders began to close to refugees after the Paris attacks in November.
Marine Le Pen: "I don't get the sense that Islamic fundamentalism is being treated like the threat it really is."
The World Trade Center will also be lit up in Belgian colors.
Two of the men "probably" staged suicide bombings, but authorities are on the hunt for a third suspect.
"It never becomes effective until it is too late."
Two of them are "probably" suicide bombers.
One American service member and his family were injured in the attack.
Kerry Washington, Courtney Cox and others shared their support.
Are you making this mistake?
"This was a huge wake-up call for me and my company."
It was taken at a military hospital in northern Brussels where victims were transported for treatment.
"We are at war. We have been subjected for the last few months in Europe to acts of war."
Donald J. Trump is "giving us the old wink-wink."
"Terror has no religion."
The boisterous, hard-partying and scandal-plagued former mayor died Tuesday.
#ikwilhelpen means "I want to help" in Dutch.
"I am Belgium."
The video was taken after the blast in Zaventem Airport.
"We are united."
The cartoon shows the French and Belgium flags in tears.
Donald J. Trump: "I would do a lot more than water boarding."
Facebook activated Safety Check after a series of deadly attacks in Brussels.
The 'America's Next Top Model' winner stunned the judges on Monday.
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 22, 2016  By Zeke J. Miller
"You feel it in your whole body."
Republicans in Utah and Arizona head to the polls on Tuesday.
The child will be sent to Utah where she will live with extended family.
These are the latest updates on the Brussels attacks.
"The whole of Europe has been hit."
"Police should remember they're not there to judge."
At least 28 people were killed in the Brussels attacks.
Authorities are not sure how many people have been affected.
"Around 12 years ago, I made a decision that forever changed my relationship to money."
"While it's without question that they continue to face persecution, we did not determine that it was on the level of genocide."
50% of respondents said they were scared of a Donald Trump presidency
1. You buy new stuff just because it's new.
"This country is very complex and special."
"This was a huge wake-up call for me and my company."
As many as 2,500 people gathered in protest near the construction site of a new U.S. military base.
Modern castles, really.
"Our habits will either make us or break us. We become what we repeatedly do."
Moore issued an apology shortly after his comments were publicized.
Suu Kyi has said in the past that she will be "above the president."
"I thought I needed something hard, that my new life was too comfortable."
The 24-year-old is "someone who must explain himself," say Belgian prosecutors.
Including Investing for Normal People 101.
The FARC is designated as a terrorist group by Washington.
Four kids, no tantrums.
Meditation may prove especially useful for people who take painkillers.
"Give me a name or names," Castro said.
McCartney is ready to Get Back what's his.
He is remembered as a pioneer of the digital age.
Stunning.
3. You're not learning.
The Sun Belt state has gone for Republican presidential candidates since 2000.
"I see these people all the time. On the outside they look incredibly healthy, but on the inside they're a wreck."
It works both hot and iced.
"If ever there was a time for a grown-up, that time is now."
"Andy made the impossible happen, time and again, and inspired generations of technologists, entrepreneurs, and business leaders."
"You have to use every second you get in a day."
Plus Sir Ben Kingsley and Scarlett Johansson.
"Perhaps he thought that calling me beautiful would make me ignore the fact that he brazenly lied"
Business is changing… fast.
Ford was diagnosed with liposarcoma in 2014
A man wearing the bottom half of a bunny costume was restrained by security.
"Jon Snow is alive, but he comes back as a mouse."
Trump delivered a carefully prepared speech off a teleprompter
It's cherry blossom season — but only for a few weeks.
Teach kids to trust their instincts.
"There is huge potential"
An "outside party" has come forward and shown the FBI a possible method for unlocking the phone
"Learn how to push your own buttons."
"I didn't come here tonight to pander to you about Israel"
Sometimes its a bad idea to ask fans for input.
Chipotle Mexican Grill will give you free food — but you have to win a game called "Gauc Hunter" first.
The jury had already awarded the wrestler $115 million for economic harm and emotional distress
"What a time to be alive."
"You're hired; you earned it."
Put down the to-do list.
It weighs less than a pound.
Barack Obama was taking in a wreath laying ceremony.
The new iPhone has a 4-inch screen.
"It's pretty sad that somebody could actually do that to a person that's in her final hours."
Some students felt they were "cheated" by the choice.
Barack Obama landed in Havana on Monday.
Including not growing a beard or dying his hair.
The company is charging $299 for its entry-level Apple Watch.
Apple's devices are shrinking.
Ivanka Trump: "My father is incredible. He's an amazing leader."
The new dictation feature will make a big difference.
The update will make it easier to fall asleep after looking at your iPhone's screen.
Adele: "I can't do it that well. My whole body has to move."
Apple is bringing back the 4-inch screen.
The new parents accidentally texted strangers about their newborn.
What will spring be like in your city?
Take a cue from these countries' morning meals.
Rihanna was shocked.
"Same story. Same truths. Putting it into today."
This cat in New Zealand has an unusual hobby.
2. Clean your desk.
You need more than just a mentor.
Ellen DeGeneres called up the head of HBO for the comic.
"Police should remember they're not there to judge."
The letter reportedly warned that if Donald J. Trump did not drop out of the presidential race soon, harm could come to the family's children.
You'll get to log some time with friends, too.
Scott Baio says Donald J. Trump "speaks like I speak."
Bill Murray's reaction says everything about March Madness
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 21, 2016
Waffles, not walls.
Apple is expected to announce a handful of new products.
A certain music group dominates the list.
Voting for Trump is "the middle finger vote" to "a good ole boy system."
Lena Dunham says she gets 'more hostility' from other Democrats for supporting Hillary Clinton than from Republicans
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
Watch this opera singer segue from an elegant aria to AC/DC's 'Highway to Hell' in amazing style http://ti.me/1Pm6sY1
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
Mark Zuckerberg wants the world to know that he's really interested in China.
The FBI is helping to combat the "biggest transnational organized crime ever seen in Bangladesh."
2. Make everyone part of the conversation.
It's time to start heading to bed a little earlier.
A popular method of "treatment" is where patients are constrained, often naked, and in many cases left outdoors for days to years.
Friends come and go, but your sibs are there for the long haul.
A geotagging mishap has delighted the town.
More than a month after 'The Life of Pablo' was released, Kanye still working on the album.
5. Send audio and video messages that self-destruct.
The story behind the capture of suspected terrorist Salah Abdeslam.
The children are the orphans of Australian-born ISIS killer Khaled Sharrouf, who gained global notoriety after his son was pictured holding up a severed head.
2. Write down what you learn.
Authorities proposed to remove the forest's protected status and open it to logging in an attempt to spur the local economy.
Thanks, Internet.
The E.U. said any new arrivals in Greece from now on will be subject to possible deportation.
Pluto's most distinct — and lovable — feature is its giant heart-shaped formation, dubbed Tombaugh Basin.
Turkey's interior minister identified the bomber as Turkish citizen Mehmet Ozturk.
New Apple gadgets are coming Monday.
"If I was a lady player, I'd go down every night on my knees and thank God that Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal were born."
Two hikers found the skull near a popular hiking trail in Bronson Canyon.
Salah Abdeslam was captured on Friday in a police raid in Brussels.
Cutting the cord is easier than ever.
Modern castles, really.
Itching for a career change?
17. Go alone
Including Investing for Normal People 101.
Are you making this mistake?
"Our habits will either make us or break us. We become what we repeatedly do."
5. Making it all about you.
"1 in 5 hiring managers say they have asked a question in a job interview only to find out later that it was a violation of federal labor laws to ask it."
1. You buy new stuff just because it's new.
"Around 12 years ago, I made a decision that forever changed my relationship to money."
Travel should be pleasurable — not stressful.
Start by saying "no" more often.
Always tired? This could be why.
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
Barack Obama: "As the father of two daughters, one of the things I'm always looking for are strong women who are out there breaking barriers."
1. Stop planning, start doing.
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
1. Ask yourself why you're doing something.
Some in the Republican establishment is considering running a third-party candidate
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
"This was a huge wake-up call for me and my company."
It's very simple.
Accidental overdoses increased by 140% between 1999 and 2014.
The last U.S. service member killed in Iraq was in October 2015
3. Be intentional.
"The Divergent Series: Allegiant" opened in second place with an estimated $29.1 million
The U.S. ranks at 13.
"If there is violence in our hearts and our minds, it will impact others."
It was "Spacey in Space Night"
Try oatmeal and peanut butter.
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Video surfaced showing the manager and a member of Trump's security detail appearing to grab a young man by his collar
2. Sticky eyes.
"We found a lot of weapons, heavy weapons in the first investigations, and we have seen a new network of people around him in Brussels"
Trump has denied there's been any violence at his rallies
Airbnb's new authorization was announced on the morning of an historic three-day trip by President Obama to Cuba
Food can help you set the mood.
2. Make everyone part of the conversation.
They were coming back from a fireworks festival in Valencia
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
"We see this speech as a unique moment obviously in the history between our countries"
"Reaganism is alive and well in America and in the GOP"
Barack Obama on becoming President: "I remember people talking about how somehow this was going to solve all our racial problems. I wasn't one of those who subscribed to that notion." http://ti.me/1RRLVfT
"Even as [Trump's] campaign has mainstreamed intolerance, we can push back on the hate and evoke our better angels not just with words, but with deeds"
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
Understand your body before trying to lose weight.
1. Give yourself at least 15 minutes of no screen time.
"Surprised they even allow 7-year-olds into those places? Think again."
Bring a collapsible laundry bag with you.
Feeling hungry?
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
Where do you truly fall on the spectrum between introvert and extrovert?
6. Label your emotions.
Two or three? Two twins?
The one word you should stop using immediately.
Researchers have developed a new "lifestyle score."
3. Know what drains you and what sustains you.
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
An outfit says a thousand words.
Change the way you use Facebook.
New research links cat ownership to schizophrenia.
"What is it about some people that makes them unforgettable, that makes me want to invite them to everything, that makes them inspiring?"
1. When it's time to get up, they get up.
Kayla Itsines: "I want women to work out because they love their body, not because they hate it."
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
Did you know you can mute text messages?
1. You need to count calories to lose weight.
2. Change your beliefs about what's possible.
"I chose surgery because of how I felt, not because of what anyone else thought."
Adorable.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
"Exercise must come first, or it's unlikely to happen at all."
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
The story behind the capture of suspected terrorist Salah Abdeslam
You're not going to want fries with this.
2. Make everyone part of the conversation.
"In my business, everyone is a critic"
Parlez-vous Francais?
3. They pay close attention to someone speaking to them.
It's not just about the salary.
Protesters parked vehicles sideways to block both lanes of traffic
1. Find one clear, strong idea—and then run with it.
It's time to start heading to bed a little earlier.
A geotagging mishap has delighted the town
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
Education officials wanted to fire her
It can turn a good day into a great day.
2. Write down what you learn.
"His extreme, sick obsession with her is beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate"
5. Get to know this symbol.
These are the best credit cards for travelers
5. You can't have everything.
The charges were revealed after the victim lost the primary
From Caitlyn Jenner to Donald J. Trump — who do you think is most influential?
Maria Shriver: "No one is immune from some kind of struggle."
IQ is overrated.
"Told ya I was gonna slam another giant"
Separating the sound from the unsound.
Not everything belongs front and center.
"We all knew the appeals court will need to resolve the case"
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
"Are you sure he's a Mormon, are we sure?"
"This is one more incident that could have brought down an airliner"
4. Have a sense of humor.
Barack Obama: "The fact that they've got a tall, gorgeous mom who has some curves and that their father appreciates [that], I think it's helpful." http://ti.me/1PeJF0g
What are your rights?
"I am beginning a new journey, on Instagram"
9. Indulge in a massage.
1. Remember that your boss isn't your therapist.
This is what forecasters say to expect.
No more deleting selfies to make room in the camera roll.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
"Trust that, if you write it down, one day you'll make your goal happen."
4. No "but"s.
Math homework just got way easier.
2. Keep a diary.
"It's clear that homework does have an impact, but it's not always a good one."
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
How to make a resumé for today.
Most people don't know there is a simple trick to get a cheaper flight.
And it suits him, too
6. Grab a juice.
"Nothing has happened that's made me regret not checking my phone."
Cara Delevingne: "No matter how many people like you and your work, it doesn't matter if you don't like yourself."
No more bad moods.
"They know how you used to be, so they hold a special place in helping you remember special moments in your past."
You just have to ask the right way.
Move over, sports drinks.
You'll want to shut them up or talk over them. Don't.
There have been at least 49 selfie-related deaths in the last two years.
It's a super-sized superhero supercut.
See how smartphones react to questions about depression, domestic abuse and rape.
Veggies can make you more attractive.
2. Changes in appearance.
"Sixteen years into its mainstream existence, the genre has upped the ante so much that we could be close to a reality-TV death."
Book your flight today.
2. As a hair rinse.
You can train yourself to think differently.
It involves lasers.
Hulk Hogan scores a big victory outside the ring
It's science.
There were more than 10 active bidders for the book.
Tyler Perry: "I've never been one to knock on the door and say, 'Please let me in.'"
Is Starbucks shortchanging its customers?
Adorable.
"This is what happens when you play with fire."
"If Donald J. Trump gets elected, will Papi have to go back to his country?"
There are only a couple rules.
"He had beautiful eyes, but sad eyes."
Pluto is more interesting than you thought.
It's all about good storytelling.
Abdeslam allegedly helped orchestrate last year's Paris attacks.
She is one of the faces of Beyoncé's new "Formation" merchandise line.
15. Smile and laugh.
Jennifer Garner: "Just know in your head this is all going to go to hell in a hand basket."
Facebook has a new hidden game.
Iggy Azalea is back.
Gwen Stefani: "I scraped myself off the floor and went into the studio and tried to somehow be alive again."
Prince Harry: "I hope she's looking down, you know, with tears in her eyes, being incredibly proud of what we've established."
It could be a sign you're not getting enough sleep.
Get ready, Apple fans.
Your toast just got an upgrade.
Joy Mangano: "There's no step-by-step process for how to get unstuck."
Henry Cavill and Jimmy Kimmel got into quite an "argument."
"The problem is that if Scandal really had a Trump character, one who spoke so freely and so far beyond the bounds of what had traditionally been accepted, no one would believe it."
"Equality's coming, we just have to talk about it."
4. Make plans with yourself.
Growing up with a sibling impacts your mental and physical health.
The future is here.
"If you want accuracy, check with a pessimist. If you want results, find an optimist."
3. It's about doing, not knowing.
TIME Morning Must Reads: March 18, 2016
The episode, titled "Bart to the Future," aired 16 years ago.
"We cannot throw out basic civil liberties and protections just because we live in the digital age."
Accidental overdoses increased by 140% between 1999 and 2014.
1. Stop planning, start doing.
Each robot can roam within a 12.5-mile radius of a Domino's store.
"I couldn't imagine waking up and being like, 'I'm where I'm supposed to be.'"
There is a strong association in Japan between tattoos and criminality.
Andrew Wiles won mathematics' most prestigious prize for proving to a 350-year-old theorem.
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
92 people are accused of being part of a transnational human trafficking network that held refugees in barbaric jungle prison camps.
Just be glad you're thousands of times bigger than them.
Police have yet to recover the 17 paintings, which are worth an estimated 15 million euros.
Bhagwat is head of the hardline Hindu organization Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.
He passed classified documents to the U.S. and Russians while working in the mail room at Germany's intelligence agency.
From Caitlyn Jenner to Donald J. Trump — who do you think is most influential?
Zuckerberg wasn't discouraged by the worst smog of the year.
"OLA" samples a memorable part of "The Circle of Life."
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
You can learn a lot about a country's politics by looking closely at its corruption scandals.
By going unnoticed in Times Square.
It closely monitors your heart rate.
"I remember the sound of bombings on homes in Deir el-Zour."
The fighting has killed more than 6,200 civilians, displaced millions and pushed the Arab world's poorest country to the brink of famine.
"Many child prodigies have autistic family members."
"The extremes will become more extreme."
The raffle is open now to supporters in the U.S.
"It would also set a legal precedent that could be used again and again, by governments far less trustworthy than our own, to require backdoors for any device."
2. Label negative feelings.
These are dead giveaways that will make others second guess.
The movie is now expected to premiere stateside on the streaming service later this year.
Are you more narcissistic than the average American?
The fact that women typically earn less than men is only part of the problem.
Does your to-do list get longer every day?
That'll show him.
Never be at a loss for words again.
6. You don't have as much to lose as you think.
These two things will keep you going back to the gym.
Will your debts die with you?
This man can listen to a couple for 5 minutes and determine, with 91% accuracy, whether they'll divorce.
"Dealing with a narcissist regularly is like having a pet tiger."
Oops
They captured their toddler son's experiences in the video game.
6. Choose stone fruit.
Adorable.
"This is pretty exciting news, but it's not enough. We want more."
It increases the likelihood of receiving a response by 30%
Turns out Emma Watson is a pretty good beatboxer.
Olivia Wilde appears in "How Do You See Me?"
Kim Kardashian West: "Women supporting other women is so powerful."
Michael Kors: "My only two age rules are: Experiment like mad when you're young, and do the same thing when you're older."
Is your city on the list?
"From someone who has been there and is still there, I say: It takes courage to make history, but it can be done."
Never wonder whether to refrigerate something again.
"I heard they're so mad this year, but not so mad that they won't be marching, right?"
It looks very suspicious.
It's a lot more interesting than the the safety lectures on the runway.
"To invent what they want me to invent puts millions of people at risk."
"When Clinton is tough, a characteristic many see as unfeminine, it doesn't feel right, so she must not be authentic."
Make the most out of your workday.
"Focus on rewards rather than punishment."
And you thought your iPhone was slow.
Watch live as Lev Grossman talks about TIME's new Tim Cook cover story.
He turned to Adele's 'Hello' for a little inspiration.
"It's not about one phone. It's very much about the future."
"There's little research to support the idea that you'll be happier if you're involved with someone who's exactly your type."
Steve Wozniak: "Donald J. Trump is a very rude person."
Orange Is the New Black executive producer: "It isn't about a traditional or non-traditional career path."
Two or three? Two twins?
Kevin Hart: "I had another pick. I had two other picks, actually. I tend to lose a lot."
"Let's go to war."
C is for cookie, S is for Siri.
Here's what we know about the real St. Patrick.
No one blinked at a question about new Supreme Court nominee Whitey Bulger
The deal affects nearly all U.S. cars
Michelle Obama has no plans to follow in Hillary Clinton's footsteps
It was not the Queen of Pop's finest hour
Join in on the green food craze.
Confused about how Donald J. Trump could be denied the Republican nomination?
For years, gay groups have been on the sidelines of the parade, protesting instead of participating.
"These results are reassuring for women who are considering a planned cesarean and worried about how it might affect the health of their babies."
4. Airbnb doesn't conduct background checks on guests or hosts.
TIME's new cover: Apple CEO Tim Cook on his fight with the FBI and why he won't back down http://ti.me/1Z4lrgI
He could change the way we watch TV.
"Mrs. Rowling, cancer threatened to take everything from my daughter, and your books turned out to be the fortress we so desperately needed to hide in."
Adorable.
Pakistan's "godfather of MMA" has set up a gym to keep young, uneducated Pakistanis out of the clutches of fundamentalists.
It's soulful, carried by a driving synthpop sound.
Harrison Ford isn't ready to retire his fedora quite yet.
Nelson García was shot in the face by unidentified gunmen.
2. It doesn't support real-time messaging on purpose.
Protesters took to the streets after President Dilma Rousseff appointed Lula da Silva as her chief of staff.
There are ways to avoid the latest trap.
It involves lasers.
"After four long years waiting for the epic final chapter of The Hunger Games, watch it limp to the finish line in an underwhelming conclusion."
Never wonder whether to refrigerate something again.
"Ruthless" expected to be the latest in a wave of unflattering works about the church.
12,000 migrants currently live at the rain-soaked camp of Idomeni.
1. Mute your inner critic.
George Clooney: "It's what our country is — is a country of immigrants, and we have not recently done a very good job of remembering who we are."
House of Cards is "not the best drama on TV, but it knows enough to know that such a title would be no fun."
3. Bring way more cash than you think you need.
Instagram is changing its feed to an algorithm.
He apparently tried to steal a propaganda poster from a Pyongyang hotel.
Watch an erupting volcano in Hawaii.
She is now paralyzed from the waist down.
Spring has sprung.
"Many child prodigies have autistic family members."
Sinatra not only carried his father's name, but his musical legacy as well.
Accidental overdoses increased by 140% between 1999 and 2014.
"I couldn't imagine waking up and being like, 'I'm where I'm supposed to be.'"
Complete with graphics and yelling commentators.
Nadia Aboulhosn: "One size isn't really the only right size."
"I remember the sound of bombings on homes in Deir el-Zour."
By going unnoticed in Times Square
"Although the desire to obstruct in this situation is understandable, it would set a disastrous precedent for the future."
It closely monitors your heart rate.
The future is now
The iconic shoe is celebrating its 50th anniversary
More than 50 games will be available for the PlayStation VR this year.
Turn an Echo into a true digital assistant.
Tracee Ellis Ross: "I don't speak in my most beautiful voice when I feel small, scared or shamed."
Oops.
Do you feel better or worse after you cry?
Just like in the Back to the Future Trilogy.
Ellen DeGeneres loves giving her guests a good scare.
Is there an evolutionary reason humans cry?
Kristen Wiig: "Women don't have to just be the nagging wife when the guy's being funny, or like the crazy neighbor."
"Some Republicans will keep saying 'let the people decide,' but if there's one thing we've learned this election year, it's that 'the people' are terrifying."
From racing to climbing to flying.
His handle is expected to be @Franciscus.
"The hair grew back and the scar faded. No one could see that I hadn't fully healed."
Donald J. Trump's latest video features Hillary Clinton barking like a dog.
1. Stop planning, start doing.
"If Trump were ever elected, we'd have to build a wall around California to defend ourselves from the rest of this country."
Read the Game of Thrones script.
Donald J. Trump: "I think you would have problems like you've never seen before."
1. Ask yourself, "What's the worst that can happen?"
Olivia Wilde: "Then I found out later that they actually said 'old.'"
Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris are celebrating their one-year anniversary.
One of Gwyneth Paltrow's smoothie ingredients costs $55.
"Better that than, like, a fiery inferno."
Experts weigh in on whether you need a daily shower.
The U.S. ranks at 13.
He served as a clerk for Supreme Court Justice William Brennan.
Kanye West has been promising to "fix" the song for weeks.
From Caitlyn Jenner to Donald J. Trump — who do you think is most influential?
Donald J. Trump: "We've had enough debates."
He's come under fire from conservation groups.
Released ahead of her SXSW Music Keynote Conversation.
"It's misleading to name canned light tuna as one of the low-mercury species that women are encouraged to eat."
Sick of always losing the office pool?
Start packing your suitcase.
"I can say with confidence that it is only Chinese Communist Party officials who will agree with him."
How accurate are J.K. Rowling's new stories?
Is it better to go cold turkey?
2. Changes in appearance.
See how smartphones react to questions about depression, domestic abuse and rape.
The Thai government spent over $8.5 million on the monks' medical expenses in 2012 alone.
He may be a little biased.
At this year's iconic Merrie Monarch Festival, the red and yellow blossoms that normally adorn dancers will be missing.
Westeros isn't the only place torn by seemingly endless war.
It's a super-sized superhero supercut.
Veggies can make you more attractive.
Separatist sentiments are gaining traction in Hong Kong as disappointment grows over the possibilities for democratic reform.
Pakistan's "godfather of MMA" has set up a gym to keep young, uneducated Pakistanis out of the clutches of fundamentalists.
2. Consciously relive your wins on a regular basis.
Otto Warmbier was arrested in early January.
There are an estimated 245 million Buddhists in officially atheist China.
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
The weed industry is growing.
"That's going viral."
"Sixteen years into its mainstream existence, the genre has upped the ante so much that we could be close to a reality-TV death."
One suspect armed with a assault rifle has been killed.
Emerson was one third of the sixties rock group Emerson, Lake and Palmer.
"Clinton faces a sexist double standard when she gets passionate."
Never wonder whether to refrigerate something again.
3. You're not learning.
"This is what the players have been waiting for."
3. Prime your mind with great quotes.
Barack Obama: "Too often, we've accepted this as somehow the new normal."
3. Bring way more cash than you think you need.
His first wife is auctioning off the items.
Watch as TIME's Zeke Miller and Sam Frizell break down tonight's election results
The gadget will cost $399.
It's going to be more than just a peripheral
Abbi and Ilana were very excited to meet Hillary Clinton.
"After four long years waiting for the epic final chapter of The Hunger Games, watch it limp to the finish line in an underwhelming conclusion."
It's 'Goodbye Rubio Tuesday'
It comes with a sharp screen, powerful internals and a cheaper price tag.
You can tell Trump's mood by the color of his hat
House of Cards is "not the best drama on TV, but it knows enough to know that such a title would be no fun."
"My ego was bruised, but the Phantom 4, to its credit, suffered only minor damage."
Chris Christie: "I bring a sense of calm to the Trump rallies because yesterday I was at three of them—North Carolina, Ohio and Florida—all three of them were calm."
They're ISIS's most dangerous leaders
Confused about how Donald J. Trump could be denied the Republican nomination?
"Is he reckless with what he says? Yes. Is there a lot of cleaning up to do in the country? Yes."
"That passes for courage in the world of the modern NFL—but it's worth stressing that we're grading on a very generous curve."
Adorable.
"'The Bachelor' reflects what the viewers want, and the ratings prove people are fine without a diverse cast."
Instagram is changing its feed to an algorithm.
Harrison Ford isn't ready to retire his fedora quite yet.
"Now they've got to figure out if heroes from two different planets can get vulnerable, get real and even fall in love."
It's part of a "Bring Back the Bees" campaign.
"You're on your own. And you know what you know, but unfortunately you know NOTHING Jon Snow!"
How did Julius Caesar actually die?
Would it be more secure than PINs and passwords?
Starbucks is celebrating spring.
4. Write a compelling personal bio.
Angelina Jolie: "It is not wrong to feel unsettled faced by a crisis of such complexity and such magnitude. But we must not let fears get the better of us."
George Clooney: "It's what our country is—is a country of immigrants, and we have not recently done a very good job of remembering who we are."
The cooking legend is coming to live-streaming.
It involves lasers.
And it suits him, too
4. Airbnb doesn't conduct background checks on guests or hosts.
"Mrs. Rowling, cancer threatened to take everything from my daughter, and your books turned out to be the fortress we so desperately needed to hide in."
David Chang: "Read cookbooks, and understand the ingredients you're cooking with beforehand."
Adorable.
There are ways to avoid the latest trap.
Watch live as Zeke Miller talks to Maya Rhodan about interviewing President Barack Obama and Misty Copeland for TIME
You can train yourself to think differently.
Sony bought Michael Jackson's estate's stake for $750 million.
1. Mute your inner critic.
He could change the way we watch TV.
Is it snack time yet?
2. As a hair rinse.
"One of the best ways of making information stickier is to repeat what we've learned to someone else."
Oliver said the hats he made with the refashioned campaign slogan 'Make Donald Drumpf Again' sold out rapidly.
The top prize is in Florida, where 99 delegates are at stake in a winner-take-all contest.
Would you move?
In Chicago about 60,000 applicants have been turned down because their cars didn't meet Lyft's standards.
How to make a resumé for today.
When the federal government declared war on mosquitoes — and won.
Gay relationships could only be hinted at in the 1990s
TIME spoke with Tristan Walker about the challenges facing minorities seeking investors for their ideas.
"No child is too young to see injustice, or suffer from it."
As the Syria conflict enters year six, residents of Zaatari refugee camp are grappling with the prospect of open-ended exile.
The newly-named host was filmed doing 'doughnuts' in a car next to the Cenotaph war memorial in London.
"Let the people you work with know that you take parenting seriously."
The supermarket manager even gave him some cash.
When the threat of nuclear war was real.
And it could help save the planet.
On March 7 European leaders reached a tentative deal with Ankara to send every person who arrives in Greece without the correct paperwork back to Turkey.
Leading newspapers called it the biggest political demonstration in Brazilian history.
1. Know your stuff.
There's no shortage of conflicts simmering beneath the surface.
7. Quit stewing and start doing.
Millions of passengers on India's trains will soon sleep better.
He becomes the country's first proper civilian leader in more than 50 years.
Brookner won the Man Booker Prize in 1984 for her romance novel Hotel du Lac.
You'll never listen to 'The Walk of Life' the same way again.
1. Ask everyone you work with for 10 minutes.
With close to a billion monthly active users, WhatsApp is a prime target for investigators looking to expand their monitoring capabilities.
Erdogan says terrorism should include "those who use their position and pen to serve the aims" of terrorists.
Stroke, heart conditions, diarrhea and cancer rank among the top deadly conditions tied to environmental health.
"That being said, there is not an athlete that is above the rules."
Find out what went down in this dramatic finale.
Is it better to go cold turkey?
Book your flight today.
"Sixteen years into its mainstream existence, the genre has upped the ante so much that we could be close to a reality-TV death."
2. Changes in appearance.
Start packing your suitcase.
"I can say with confidence that it is only Chinese Communist Party officials who will agree with him."
"Why did the embassy want everybody to think it was a heart attack?"
"That's going viral"
"It shouldn't matter if it's a yarmulke, or a hijab, or, quote, 'a silly fox hat.'"
Donald J. Trump has said to his crowds, "You can do anything, and I'm still going to love you."
The weed industry is growing
"Your governor is totally over-rated"
Veggies can make you more attractive.
Maria Shriver: "Denial involves fear of the truth, fear of loss and fear of the unknown."
"Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that?"
League officials previously denied the link
2. Consciously relive your wins on a regular basis.
See how smartphones react to questions about depression, domestic abuse and rape.
A report claims Dalton said "it feels like it is coming from the phone."
"Donald J. Trump's speaking style sounds, fundamentally, sincere."
How accurate are J.K. Rowling's new stories?
Sick of always losing the office pool?
"Watching the behavior of The Donald on the stump can at least get us thinking about how to deal with The Donalds in our world."
Westeros isn't the only place torn by seemingly endless war.
Have you seen Ariana Grande's Jennifer Lawrence impersonation?
Is your home at risk?
Health experts have not yet figured out how it is spreading.
Barack Obama: "I thought you were going to say that I'm also a really good dancer." http://ti.me/1pq4Nwb
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: "So when we hold up wildly successful role models, we're telling those who can't overcome the towering obstacles blocking their progress that they are to blame for their failure."
"Dare to survive."
It's a super-sized superhero supercut.
"The truth that you live one day at a time didn't help: What was I supposed to do with that day?"
"I've watched you retweet racist images. I've watched you retweet racist lies."
Barack Obama: "The fact that they've got a tall, gorgeous mom who has some curves and that their father appreciates [that], I think it's helpful." http://ti.me/1UtuGGg
Richard Simmons has retreated from the spotlight in recent years.
There's a way to stop the deluge.
She sang 'Someone Like you' with Adele.
2. Schedule your nap early in the day.
"They know how you used to be, so they hold a special place in helping you remember special moments in your past."
Kim Kardashian West's selfie is now two stories high.
1. Ask everyone you work with for 10 minutes.
He's a champion in the making.
Lisa Vanderpump: "My social activism is driven by that compassion: When I see people struggling, when I see people who are misunderstood, I want to do something."
Barack Obama on becoming President: "I remember people talking about how somehow this was going to solve all our racial problems. I wasn't one of those who subscribed to that notion." http://ti.me/1P8a2F2
It could cut down on accidents.
The patient had had a fever of at least 103° for multiple weeks.
Barack Obama: "Steph Curry is the greatest shooter that I've ever seen" http://ti.me/1SMEwmK
There have been at least 49 selfie-related deaths in the last two years.
"I believe that if you spend your free time doing things that nourish you physically, intellectually, and emotionally, you will be better at work."
"Think of the government like your dad," says Oliver.
Uber has been testing an emergency phone number in 22 cities.
In 2015, the state had 907 earthquakes that were 3-magnitude or greater compared with just one in 2007.
Money Magazine   put together the ultimate vacation value guide
3. Superfoodify your smoothie.
The meal-kit industry is exploding.
Barack Obama: "As the father of two daughters, one of the things I'm always looking for are strong women who are out there breaking barriers."
A flash drive names up to 22,000 ISIS members from 51 nations.
The shorts have been the butt of several jokes over the years.
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
How resolve — or avoid — the stickiest air travel situations.
Her remarks come after India's minister for women suggested that marital rape was a foreign concept not applicable to India.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vowed to bring "terrorism to its knees."
"There's a whole lot of people who want to see stories that they can identify with."
Many view the sport as inhumane and rebuke its treatment of animals as grotesque.
"Trust that, if you write it down, one day you'll make your goal happen."
ISIS fighters have taken a liking to one particular phone.
Horrific abuses have become so routine.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
In some cases, the inclination toward surgery in one or both breasts may be unnecessary.
Five years ago a devastating earthquake and tsunami killed at least 15,000 people and sent the Daiichi nuclear power plant into meltdown.
The consequences are drastic.
As the Klingons say, "DabuQlu'DI' yISuv."
"Hand in hand we can affect change and provide a safe education to provide peace."
1. Ask yourself why you're doing something.
"Scott Kelly is many things to many people, but to me, he is just my dad!"
North Korea regularly organizes such "battles" to get its population to work harder.
Investigators recommend new rules requiring medical workers to warn authorities when a pilot's mental health could threaten public safety.
In honor of this math holiday, expect to see a lot of offers for $3.14 slices of pie and pizzas.
Malia pulled the ultimate big sister move.
Armed men attacked beachgoers at three different hotels in Grand-Bassam, a popular tourist destination.
See how those lost minutes have added up over the course of your lifetime.
Accessory maker Ten One Design wants to help MacBook owners save some space.
"I think we need a President who is not just opposed to trade."
3. A lot more money
How to make a resumé for today
You'll never listen to 'The Walk of Life' the same way again
One Chinese search engine found results calling Kim a "third-generation pig"
You're not going to want fries with this
When the threat of nuclear war was real
Who do you think will win?
Trump's fans are fired up
You are now about to witness the strength of (Sesame) street knowledge
The one where they all sing
And it could help save the planet
Adorable.
"We had to act quickly to save as many animals as possible"
7. Quit stewing and start doing.
7. They never gave up on each other.
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
"We have a very clear position in refugee policy: We don't want to take in any refugees"
Would you move?
5. You can't have everything.
He plans to sue the barbershop
Do you get enough sleep?
"Child Garden" was intended to set kids free in nature, where they could learn from everyday experiences rather than books.
One person other person was injured in the avalanche
"It's clear that homework does have an impact, but it's not always a good one."
"Zootopia" stayed on top with $50 million
"I'm troubled by the rallies that Donald holds, where he asks all the people there to raise their hand and pledge their support to him"
Math homework just got way easier.
"Our hydrogen bomb is much bigger than the one developed by the Soviet Union"
The "Problem" singer showed off her chameleonic vocal stylings
Trump blamed Sanders supporters for protests at his rallies
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
The man threatened to kill the protester "next time"
5. Remember that forgiveness isn't part of the deal.
Marco Rubio is way behind Trump in his home state of Florida
Like, totally.
He said he was coming home from a night of drinking
"I'm trying here, guys"
These two things will keep you going back to the gym.
It's time to make a change to your morning meal.
"I am really, totally committed to bringing back manufacturing"
Daylight Savings Time seriously messes with your sleep.
Aziz Ansari: "It was quicker for my dad to find a wife than it is for me to decide where to eat dinner."
Do you feel anxious when you don't have access to your phone?
"You can't find your way to a healthy, happy, full life just by copying what I do."
1. Set designated "reply times."
9. Indulge in a massage.
"It was an inspiration to me that my mother worked. I have huge respect for her."
9. Practice when the stakes are low.
Failure isn't permanent.
4. Use the proper tone.
2. Learn sugar's aliases.
1. Remember that your boss isn't your therapist.
Does the very thought of work makes your stomach curdle?
Start mixing that batter.
What are your rights?
4. Baby steps can be more effective than big leaps.
"I knew they seemed too quiet."
It's important to prioritize yourself.
6. Grab a juice.
"There's no reason that marriage should be considered the only or best choice."
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
This is what CEOs want their employees to have done before they turn the big 3-0.
2. Make eating easy.
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
Maria Shriver: "That's how I learn, by listening, by realizing the power of a simple conversation."
Make the most of your bedtime routine.
The poor cat is just trying to catch some Z's.
6. Label your emotions.
3. Turn off the TV.
"Trust that, if you write it down, one day you'll make your goal happen."
"There is nothing that these protesters can say to change my mind"
This might be the reason you can't get over your ex.
Travel like a pro.
Music tells you a lot about someone's personality.
"I believe that if you spend your free time doing things that nourish you physically, intellectually, and emotionally, you will be better at work."
The scale and organization of this Trump protest set it apart from others
The consequences are drastic.
Malia pulled the ultimate big sister move
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
"People who aren't emotionally stable post more frequently in order to regulate their emotions and receive social support."
No more bad moods.
IQ is overrated.
Agents from the U.S. Secret Service briefly jumped to the stage
Officials say a snowmobiler made repeated attempts to harm the race team
He said phones and data shouldn't be exempt from tradeoffs for security
2. Don't vent your anger.
"It's getting harder every day" to keep support pledge, Rubio said
Go through the 76-year evolution of the Disney princess.
Friday night proved how Trump inspires passion in Democrats trying to stop him
"This isn't complicated"
2. Write down what you learn.
"Donald Trump has created a toxic environment," said Ohio Gov. John Kasich
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
ISIS fighters have taken a liking to one particular phone
Donald J. Trump once offered to pay the legal fees of his fans who beat up protesters.
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
The attacks killed a three-year-old girl
"The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!"
Times Square is so brightly lit it can be seen from outer space.
2. The dumb jock is a myth.
7. Roasted chickpeas.
Make yourself a better learner.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
Not everything belongs front and center.
Grey hair is one of the inevitable parts of getting older.
It's time to start heading to bed a little earlier.
6. Raise your frustration tolerance.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
It's not just about the salary.
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
2. Label negative feelings.
See the letter Einstein wrote to his 11-year-old son.
Separating the sound from the unsound.
"Exercise must come first, or it's unlikely to happen at all."
Parlez-vous Francais?
1. Find one clear, strong idea—and then run with it.
New research links cat ownership to schizophrenia.
6. Choose stone fruit.
It only takes 30 minutes.
A guide for women, men and bosses.
5. Take deep breaths.
Stock up on fruit and nut bars.
"This candidate, he's gotta be the worst candidate in history."
"The reality is that passion and emotion go hand-in-hand."
An anchor rushes on set to save the day.
Stop drilling over and over again.
Time to get rid of the diet soda stash.
Who wants McDonald's?
Protesters just shut down a Donald Trump rally before he even got there.
This is the to-do list.
"As time goes on, our faces and our bodies change, they cave in and they puff out and collapse, but inside we're the same."
Thuggish day, sweepin' the clouds away.
Pain in your knee?
He couldn't be any more chill.
Michelle Obama, George W. Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger attended.
"The negative stereotypes he's perpetuating actually lead to more violence against women who are Muslim or who are perceived as Muslim."
Daylight Savings Time begins on Sunday.
It's called 'Friends: The One Where They Sing.'
It'll save some space.
"One of the first things he said to me was, 'you got bigger,' and I find that funny since he did, too!"
2. Conjure up a jam.
"Almost every millionaire I've interviewed has some sort of rigorous workout routine."
Sacha Baron Cohen appears in The Brothers Grimsby and Alice Through the Looking Glass.
What's the ultimate goal behind what you do every day?
They also both love the The Lord of the Rings Trilogy.
Uber is piloting a Critical Safety Response Line.
3. Be intentional.
Make this weekend a little easier.
Caitlyn Jenner is joining H&M's upcoming campaign.
Maria Sharapova is not alone in testing positive for meldonium.
Can the Republicans Donald J. Trump?
What should you do if your bags are lost?
Ariana Grande released a new single.
Glass ceiling? What glass ceiling?
3. Take control of one aspect of the situation—no matter how small
3. Take paternity leave and other time off.
"Why aren't we seeing more images of Kim Kardashian West in a business meeting running the show or having meetings with other parents or of her helping change her kid's diaper?"
J.K. Rowling writes that American wizards in the 1920s drank through prohibition.
4. Have a sense of humor.
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
Try oatmeal and peanut butter.
"Talk about a power lineup."
Lawyers come in second.
Bernie Sanders, before he was Senator.
3. Prep your intro lines.
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
"Why would you attack her out of admiration for me? It makes no sense."
He's being replaced by a younger Most Interesting Man aimed at millennials.
It's back to school for Burma's freshly-elected democratic lawmakers.
"I've given this place 4 stars."
2. Buy responsibly.
She noticed something was worng and was able to get home before the full effect of the drug hit her
J.K. Rowling writes that the Salem witch trails "were a tragedy for the wizarding community."
The derogatory term is commonly used by Chinese netizens for Kim.
Gandhi cites factors like the country's "poverty, illiteracy and myriad social customs."
It won't happen overnight.
"In my culture in Uganda, girls are seen as 'debts.' My dad wanted to change that."
The $1.4 billion proposal will include housing facilities, a Formula One racetrack and a marina.
Fans are very excited for the return of Game of Thrones.
Eastern Congo has seen an epidemic of sexual assault during 20 years of conflict that has left some 200,000 survivors and as many as 50,000 children born of rape.
It's very simple.
The decision has ignited bitter memories of racial unrest during white minority rule.
"There is no plan of violence."
2. Update your technology skills.
"Samsung's latest phones are the company's best ever."
"If we do not manage to reach a deal with Turkey, then Greece cannot bear the weight for long."
Trump said it was a show of strength by the Chinese leaders.
6. You don't have as much to lose as you think.
John Oliver coined a new campaign slogan.
The four Republican presidential candidates met for their 12th debate in Miami.
It's going to be record breaking.
"We thought of serving up some poutine."
7. Quit stewing and start doing.
Donald J. Trump: "They are swinging, they are really dangerous, and they get in there and they start hitting people."
It was the first time he'd ventured outside this year.
Which candidate impressed you the most?
2. Change your beliefs about what's possible.
Marco Rubio: "Presidents can't just say anything they want."
Use perspective taking, not empathy.
Barack Obama: "Where else could a boy born in Calgary run for president of the United States?"
7. They never gave up on each other.
This is how Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump are getting around.
Do you get enough sleep?
This is how Benjamin Franklin taught himself to write well.
Would you move?
See photos of Ted Cruz at Princeton and on the campaign trail.
Carson ended his own presidential bid last week
Who knew Donald J. Trump hung out with Andy Warhol?
Trump holds just a 100-delegate lead over Texas Sen. Ted Cruz
Here's what you've been waiting for, true believers.
She says she was yanked out of the way when she asked Donald J. Trump a question about affirmative action.
Living mindfully can have real health effects.
Watch your wallets, golfers.
"Her one regret is no longer a regret. It is a fulfilled ambition."
A new iPhone and iPad might be coming.
Adorable.
She totally stole the show.
Taco Bell is jumping on the breakfast bandwagon.
"But to complete the circle, to really help this society change, we need to involve the author of this violence: men."
Dinner kits provide everything you need to cook, other than a sous-chef to berate.
Barack Obama: "We see ourselves in each other, guided by the same values."
Or at least ask first.
It could turn Apple Watches into lifesavers.
A typo cost them millions of dollars.
Justin Trudeau is Canada's second youngest Prime Minister in history.
"This end-of-an-era moment demands that we reflect on what has happened to our Republican Party."
"This is a total and opposite reality from the Chris Nolan movies."
Justin Trudeau will attend an official State Dinner hosted by the President and First Lady.
J.K. Rowling reveals more information about magic in the United States.
"I choose to remember walking on the shore with her in summers when we rented a beach house; somehow the sea always transformed us."
It's a bonus track from Zayn's first solo album.
4. You check your social media accounts.
Nearly 60% of an American's daily calories come from "ultraprocessed" food.
Does this mean the end of movie theaters?
3. Ditch what isn't working.
"By speaking honestly, we create a culture that embraces female sexuality without demeaning it."
"It's happening at all these rallies now and they're letting it ride."
"There are women on the site that are reaching out, and they're getting all of the benefits."
2. Make everyone part of the conversation.
Bette Midler isn't done with Kim Kardashian West's controversial selfie.
Donald J. Trump: "There is a tremendous hatred there. We have to get to the bottom of it.""
The average American household of four currently wastes more than two million calories of food annually.
Clinton tends to step lightly and avoid sweeping declarative statements, whereas Sanders embraces absolutes.
TIME's new cover: What happened to the Republican party? http://ti.me/24SGYNi
Save it for high school
The series would follow in the footsteps of Lip Sync Battle.
The study is the first to draw a strong line between processed foods and added sugar consumption.
The comdeian has a novel approach to publicity
She was criticized for not being curvy enough
The Super Bowl champions have a huge hole to fill.
Padma Lakshmi: "If women like me don't talk about it, who's going to?"
1. When it's time to get up, they get up.
1. Donald J. Trump is misleading voters about the program's approval ratings.
"In most of the cases, the judge just approves the order and that's it."
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
The student's school record falsely showed he had been caught shoplifting.
Lady Gaga: "Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore."
Opera claims the ad-blocking feature can speed up the loading of pages by up to 90%
Poachers have killed at least 5,940 African rhinos since 2008.
Alanis Morissette: "We must empower both the masculine and the feminine."
The trailer has plenty of details about the upcoming season.
The high-profile businessman owns a franchise in India's glitzy domestic cricket league as well as Formula 1 team Force India.
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
"In the liberated areas, where most of Russia's bombs fall, there are more than 60 free media publications."
Emma Watson: "Empowering people to know and think that it's their role when they see something that isn't right to say something about it, that's how to be an active bystander."
Renewed political violence has propelled southeastern Turkey to the brink of conflict.
"Get ready for the 'dronie.'"
Experiencing day-to-day discrimination or poor health is connected to higher levels of stress for Americans.
Meeks became Internet famous when a photo of his mugshot went viral.
The icon of Burma's long struggle for democracy, Aung San Suu Kyi, will not be the country's next president.
Watch the trailer for 'Heads of Space.'
All highlights from the debate.
"I don't think I'm wearing anything that wasn't bought at a flea market."
These are the qualifications Clinton would look for in a justice.
"In my culture in Uganda, girls are seen as 'debts.' My dad wanted to change that."
6. You don't have as much to lose as you think.
Did Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders win?
"We learn, slowly, that all accomplishment and advancement are gained only by a contest—a fight with the circumstances and conditions through which we pass."
Hillary Clinton: "As I understand him, he's talking about a very tall wall, right?"
Bernie Sanders, before he was Senator.
Thought your commute was rough?
See how Hillary Clinton has evolved on the cover of TIME.
A preview version of the next Android software is out early.
His #DStrong campaign inspired the likes of Justin Bieber and Morgan Freeman.
"It's a stomach virus. It didn't have nothing to do with that milk"
It was the first time a Google car was at fault for a crash.
"I'm promoting peace and love in a violent city. It's the marijuana culture"
A recently approved weight loss drug was touted to also lower risk of heart problems.
Fans are very excited for the return of Game of Thrones.
"Samsung's latest phones are the company's best ever."
Can it really be considered "all-day breakfast" if you can't get hash browns?
"Why would you attack her out of admiration for me? It makes no sense."
It's going to be record breaking.
Kanye West: "No more CDs from me."
Maria Sharapova announced that she'd failed a drug test at the Australian Open on Monday.
Margaret Zhang: "People often forget that Instagram doesn't necessarily define you."
George R.R. Martin: "I expect to hang around for quite a while yet, thank you very much."
"It's entirely possible that without an early diet that included generous amounts of animal protein, we wouldn't even have become human."
Her first snap was a selfie with Kourtney Kardashian.
"Be like Leo."
It wants to send humans to space next year.
He was known as the "fifth Beatle."
It's very simple.
It won't happen overnight.
"Should the U.S. take the lead in taking down Pyongyang's nuclear menace by force?"
Every New England state set winter records.
John Oliver coined a new campaign slogan.
"I accept that you like boys."
Try oatmeal and peanut butter.
J.K. Rowling writes that the Salem witch trails "were a tragedy for the wizarding community."
A Harvard professor weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
"I'm just glad one of them isn't, 'Is Chrissy a man?'"
It sounds pretty fetch.
Alaska Airlines did something really cool.
Lawyers come in second.
3. Prep your intro lines.
The ending would have been very different.
He's being replaced by a younger Most Interesting Man aimed at millennials.
Danai Gurira: "We can totally prevent this."
2. Buy responsibly.
Beautiful.
Cara Delevingne: "No matter how many people like you and your work, it doesn't matter if you don't like yourself."
J.K. Rowling has a new word for Harry Potter fans.
So how does the voting work?
2. Give yourself at least a half-hour of boredom per day.
"I know from personal experience that Flint is just the latest chapter in a history of water contamination in the U.S."
Tim Remington, senior pastor of The Altar Church, was shot six times and critically wounded.
Did you catch Johnny Depp on The Walking Dead?
The bombers would "strengthen the U.S. military's "global strike and deterrence capability."
International Women's Day, Kardashian-style
One in five U.S. children live in poverty.
That's a very committed Game of Thrones fan.
2. Keep a diary.
These days the pasta aisle is loaded with alternatives.
Can't put down the potato chips?
5. Cop to the holes in your argument.
The move comes as Amnesty International slams authorities for failing "to follow the most basic lines of investigation."
To combat stress, you have to understand it first.
Meet Connie, a new robot powered by IBM's Watson.
Only migrants with clear humanitarian concerns or those intending to seek asylum in Slovenia itself will be allowed entry.
"It's all great fun."
"You cannot free women by destroying the notion of family," Erdogan said.
Time to get rid of your stash of diet soda.
The producer, executive, arranger, musician and British knight was behind 23 No. 1 singles in the U.S. and 30 in the U.K.
The video reassures viewers that China's anti-graft campaign is not just a phase but a "series of punches."
Maria Sharapova tested positive for the newly banned substance at the Australian Open.
Or replace them with Donald J. Trump.
"A deeper look into history show countless women who did incredible things that weren't recognized in their time."
Here are the everyday items that scare these accident front-liners the most.
The Vermont Senator won a major victory in Michigan's primary.
It seems likely to make for some ugly scenes of deportation.
4. Take personal responsibility.
International experts routinely greet such claims with skepticism.
2. Drink water.
As seen from Indonesia, Malaysia and Burma.
"That's a weird way to go about scaring people."
"How amazing this sunny morning suddenly changed to dark."
Humor is attractive to men and women—but not in the same way.
It's important to prioritize yourself.
See the letter Einstein wrote to his 11-year-old son.
3. Turn off the TV.
"It's extremely difficult to treat."
The empire has struck back
"Frankly, the right thing for the District Attorney's office to do right now is to tell the public the truth."
She's removed herself from the running
He allegedly mangled the mouths of up to 120 patients.
The race was called shortly after polls closed
"Who will it be? That's up to you"
Kevin Bacon wants you to get 'eggcited.'
NFL games may soon be coming to Facebook.
Caitlyn Jenner: "She has shown us that the world is a different place than it used to be."
The trailer has plenty of details about the upcoming season
"It's clear that homework does have an impact, but it's not always a good one."
Four employees at a Chipotle Mexican Grill became ill.
Emma Watson: "Empowering people to know and think that it's their role when they see something that isn't right to say something about it, that's how to be an active bystander."
Driverless cars are right around the corner.
"Get ready for the 'dronie.'"
3. Go hardcore on your hardware.
It's a big milestone.
Find out how much you would be paid.
Amazing.
Kim Kardashian West says she made quite a bit off her iPhone game.
"A lack of close friendships may be hazardous to your health."
7. Take care of your health.
1. When it's time to get up, they get up.
The growing use of cellphones distracting drivers and walkers may also be partially to blame.
Celebrate International Women's Day by picking up one of these books.
Watch live as TIME and Motto's Callie Schweitzer talks to The Atlas of Beauty's Mihaela Noroc about her work photographing women across the world and her partnership with Facebook for International Women's Day. Please write in with questions for Mihaela in the comments section. #IWD2016
It's not just in what you say, but in what you do.
Watch live as TIME and Motto's Callie Schweitzer talks to The Atlas of Beauty's Mihaela Noroc about her work photographing women across the world and her partnership with Facebook for International Women's Day. Please write in with questions for Mihaela in the comments section. #IWD2016
We can all breathe a sigh of relief.
Steve Wozniak said he supports Apple in its ongoing legal battle.
Lady Gaga: "Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore."
1. Donald J. Trump is misleading voters about the program's approval ratings.
Companies are adding sexual orientation to the demographic data they collect about their workers.
J.K. Rowling revealed more details about North American magic.
Diane Black: "If we do, we risk denying ourselves an important opportunity."
'Star Wars' leads the pack with 11 nominations.
Padma Lakshmi: "If women like me don't talk about it, who's going to?"
Emma Watson: "Call me whatever you want, it's not going to stop me from trying to do the right thing."
Watch at 1:30 pm ET as TIME and Motto's Callie Schweitzer talks to The Atlas of Beauty's Mihaela Noroc about her work photographing women across the world and her partnership with Facebook for International Women's Day. See more at time.com/motto. #IWD2016
Melinda Gates: "The fact that so many women's potential is going unrealized is a tragedy—but it's also an opportunity."
Alanis Morissette: "We must empower both the masculine and the feminine."
It uses paprika and turmeric to maintain the bright yellow color.
"It's beautiful, but it's expensive."
Get ready to learn about wandless magic, the Salem witch trials and a mysterious piece of legislation called "Rappaport's Law."
"The sooner that I could become your nominee, the more I can begin to turn my attention to the Republicans."
Find out who Ben chooses next week.
This could be one of the most expensive missed emails
The beloved 1997 comedy starred Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow as two L.A. burnouts desperate to reinvent their lives.
No force on earth will stop Kim Kardashian taking her clothes off
Watch out for appearances from Jane Goodall and Malala Yousafzai.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
Using the service requires customers to hand even more of their personal data over to giant corporations.
He checks under his car for bombs every morning
Victoria McGrath became a symbol of the 2013 tragedy.
It was one of the first things Kelly did when he finally made it home to Houston.
An Egyptian electronic music artist said he was forced to abruptly end his set.
Comment below with questions about life in space and TIME's editor at large Jeffrey Kluger might respond to yours.
"This is an absolute miracle that no one was killed."
Millions of civilians are bearing the brunt of reignited ethnic tensions.
6. Raise your frustration tolerance.
"For us to be where we are at the moment is quite spectacular."
There's a lack of understanding over how some treatments compare to others over the long term.
The opposition-aligned 'Zaman' will continue to exist in the form of its German edition.
Coloring books for adults have become a huge trend.
Time to get rid of your stash of diet soda.
Mentors come in all different forms.
4. No "but"s.
If there's a single symbol that represents the Internet Age, it's the "@" sign.
"You can get to a place where you're healthy and happy — and still prioritize other goals that matter more to you than your weight."
The golden orb spiders can colonize whole trees.
The documentary is slated to premiere March 28.
Uber pledged to have one million women providing rides through their platform by 2020.
"I am so thankful to this amazing team of doctors and all the nurses and staff."
New dates will be announced in the future.
3. Have a backup plan.
The app allows users to provide reviews for people they come in contact with professionally, romantically, and personally.
1. Figure out how long you can be unemployed.
5. You can't have everything.
These playlists aim to surface undiscovered artists before they become stars.
Libya has been increasingly threatened by Islamic terrorists and internal strife.
It happens about once a year.
JetBlue Airways is taking applications for 24 slots in a new program.
Or replace them with Donald J. Trump
Turns out ostriches can run up to 43 miles an hour.
Clinton is ready to shake hands with her rival
Asheville, North Carolina has a parking ticket problem.
It was an extremely close call.
Police officers eventually used a fire truck's ladder to reach the top of the cab and put her in handcuffs
5. Cop to the holes in your argument.
She managed to escape, but left the van behind
"That's the way Mussolini arrived and the way Hitler arrived."
How much does your BMI matter?
"Kendrick Lamar's technical prowess and willingness to speak truth to power blossom in his new collection."
Donald J. Trump has reversed course on several issues.
Google wants to kill data overages
"I know from personal experience that Flint is just the latest chapter in a history of water contamination in the U.S. "
"Politics conversations are polite conversations. That's rule No. 1."
A Game of Thrones mystery has been solved. Kind of.
"Cape Breton is lively this time of year."
Can't put down the potato chips?
A breakfast sandwich was pulled off the shelves at hundreds of Starbucks.
2. Keep a diary.
Justin Trudeau visited the panda cubs at The Toronto Zoo.
Maria Sharapova tested positive for the newly banned substance at the Australian Open.
Maria Sharapova said she has been taking meldonium for 10 years for health issues.
Did you catch Johnny Depp on The Walking Dead?
It's Tesla's cheapest ride ever.
"Does the fact that the guy was president of his fraternity let you know if you share similar values?"
2. Give yourself at least a half-hour of boredom per day.
To combat stress, you have to understand it first.
5. Change only if necessary.
Mac users are no longer immune to an increasingly popular type of virus.
Kelly Clarkson: "He's difficult to work with, kind of demeaning. It's kind of unfortunate."
That's a very committed Game of Thrones fan.
Kesha: "My message today is don't be afraid to speak up against any injustice you experience."
"With any luck, they'll be happy enough."
Did you think it was sexist?
"Nancy Reagan emerged as a feminist pioneer who helped Americans get used to having strong women in the White House."
"It's smart to have several different mentors over the span of your career—and maybe even several at the same time."
2. Yoga boosts brainpower.
Feeling hungry?
Here are 10 reads to beat your Downton Abbey blues.
Kim Kardashian West can't decide what to wear.
"I was telling the world, 'I'm O.K., I'm O.K.' in a repetitive mantra, but I wasn't. I was traumatized and scared."
1. Change your environment.
Find out what's so special about special districts.
Get ready to learn all about American wizards.
3. They break routine.
"He's an insane bigot. He is dangerous."
The World Trade Center Transportation Hub opened to the public on March 3.
One for the record books.
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
"It appears early introduction would be better off than avoidance."
He has some amazing gun skills.
"It shouldn't have to work this way."
Get on your dancing shoes.
In a "deleted scene" from 'London Has Fallen.'
"I will not buy a product that I know has been marked up falsely."
A list of words to lose to help you write more succinctly.
As China's National People's Congress meets in Beijing, the state of the world's second-largest economy is a cause for concern.
It's almost as easy as a screenshot.
A beautiful, stripped down medley of some of Adele's best songs.
"I think everyone should be able to go to space."
"What sound does a humpback whale make?"
3. Learn a foreign language.
"You know what? I just love to twerk."
About 13,000 people are living in temporary shelters designed for 2,000.
Hello, abdominal fat.
4. No "but"s.
Turkey has been criticized by the U.N. and others for its handling of gender inequality.
Can you answer it?
This time it's in reaction to the start of huge U.S.-South Korean military drills.
The SkyWall100 is a net launcher with a 100-meter range.
The Democratic debate on Sunday felt like something from the CNN archives.
"You can get to a place where you're healthy and happy — and still prioritize other goals that matter more to you than your weight."
What's your personal ritual?
The man who found a wing fragment of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 last year on Réunion Island has found more mysterious debris.
Bernie Sanders: "Being Jewish is so much of what I am."
"Excuse me, I'm talking."
3. Turn off the TV.
"When you watch these Republican debates, you know why we need to invest in mental health."
Tomlinson had an idea to send a text message between computers.
Sanders and Clinton disagree on how to solve America's gun crisis http://ti.me/1U5PmUB
"When you watch these Republican debates, you know why we need to invest in mental health."
Who impressed you the most?
Here's everything the candidates had to say.
Bernie Sanders: "This is a disgrace beyond belief. Children should not be poisoned. … People should not pay a water bill for poisoned water."
Hillary Clinton: "I voted to save the auto industry. He voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry."
The governor defended himself on Twitter during the debate.
6. Raise your frustration tolerance.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders meet face to face for the first time since Super Tuesday.
Start mixing that batter.
"You can't throw a hall pass without hitting a medical professional or academic who will explain that sex and gender are distinct."
She had connections with many of Hollywood's most famous stars.
What is it about Morgan Freeman's voice?
See the letter Einstein wrote to his 11-year-old son.
Bernie Sanders had some ideas that were far outside the mainstream.
He helped make football bigger than ever.
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
Comment below with questions about life in space and TIME's editor at large Jeffrey Kluger might respond to yours.
She had a blood-alcohol content at more than twice the legal limit for driving, a police report said
If a candidate gets more than half the votes, he gets all the delegates
It's important to prioritize yourself.
No one checked the elevator before it was shut down
Aziz Ansari: "It was quicker for my dad to find a wife than it is for me to decide where to eat dinner."
It was one of the first things Kelly did when he finally made it home to Houston
"I told him that... I was confident that I could be successful and that my kids needed me between 5 p.m. and 8 p.m. every night."
Opinion on how to tackle the problem is divided
Humor is attractive to men and women—but not in the same way.
The actor then joined Kasich for a rally in Ohio
Time to get rid of your stash of diet soda.
The animated film made $73.7 million over the weekend
New research links cat ownership to schizophrenia.
He underwent treatment for melanoma in his brain and liver
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
Nancy Reagan was first featured on the cover of TIME in 1985
"With the passing of Nancy Reagan, God and Ronnie have finally welcomed a choice soul home," Mitt Romney wrote
Parlez-vous Francais?
"My life didn't really begin until I met Ronnie," Nancy Reagan wrote in her memoirs
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
As a former actress, she was already used to the spotlight
Sometimes a glance can tell you how smart someone is.
The GOP is divided on Trump
Reagan devoted herself to drug education and the prevention of drug abuse among young people
Good night, insomnia.
"Donald Trump was uncharacteristically low-energy last night. I think he was really surprised."
"There's no reason that marriage should be considered the only or best choice."
Manning is set to retire from the NFL
2. Make video chats a habit.
Clinton, even in loss, still is in control
Dunham said previously that she was "going through a rough patch"
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
"The guy's a winner"
1. Give yourself at least 15 minutes of no screen time.
Manning leaves as the NFL's all-time leading passer and winningest starting quarterback
German parents are on to something groundbreaking.
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
Here's what science says is most important.
1. Find one clear, strong idea—and then run with it.
3. Some of today's most popular swear words have been around for more than a thousand years.
"I love how everybody gets to have an opinion about what women are going to do with themselves."
"Love is always in fashion."
"Excellence is being willing to learn and be humble. Arrogance is being unwilling to listen."
We separate the sound from the unsound.
The fact that women typically earn less than men is only part of the problem.
"I see these people all the time. On the outside they look incredibly healthy, but on the inside they're a wreck."
Get ready for a sugar rush.
It's not time to coast just yet.
9. Indulge in a massage.
"Credit or debit?"
"How do you take something mundane, that most of us overlook, and turn it into something attractive and compelling?"
"There's a better way to raise your child."
1. You need to count calories to lose weight.
When you really need to.
"Trust that, if you write it down, one day you'll make your goal happen."
Money isn't everything.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
Hint: You might be working for one.
4. Baby steps can be more effective than big leaps.
Believe it or not, the rise in Mormon breast implants and $100,000 Jewish dowries can explain why you're alone on Friday night.
2. Learn sugar's aliases.
"Disagreements are normal, so if you aren't fighting, chances are you're holding back."
2. Don't vent your anger.
Punching things does make them feel better.
Make the most of your bedtime routine.
Hello, abdominal fat.
7. Take care of your health.
It's hiding in plain sight.
5. Almonds.
"You know what? I just love to twerk."
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
"No one wants to send employees into an environment where they would be uncomfortable"
"It shouldn't have to work this way."
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
He has some amazing gun skills
Grey hair is one of the inevitable parts of getting older.
"He's an insane bigot. He is dangerous"
3. Learn a foreign language.
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
They played a game of "First Textual Experience"
Stop drilling over and over again.
Rivals say this isn't the first time
An anchor rushes on set to save the day.
Costco has a unique business philosophy
His lawyer is going on a hunger strike
IQ is overrated.
Voters in both parties were heading to the polls
Math homework just got way easier.
In a "deleted scene" from "London Has Fallen"
"The reality is that passion and emotion go hand-in-hand."
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
2. Write down what you learn.
It has a 'ghostlike' appearance
"Thank you for loving me, and I'll be loving you"
"This candidate, he's gotta be the worst candidate in history."
Always make a good impression.
There are 1,810 billionaires in the world.
Good news: You don't have to skip the drink.
The DJI Phantom 4 can see and avoid obstacles in its path.
5. "I love my baby. And my career. I'm not conflicted about loving both."
"Child Garden" was intended to set kids free in nature, where they could learn from everyday experiences rather than books.
Stock up on fruit and nut bars.
Up to 80% of the factors that affect aging are well within our control.
5. Take deep breaths.
Like, totally.
"Don't slow down when you start seeing some progress."
Good news for junk food lovers.
Most people don't know there is a simple trick to get a cheaper flight.
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
2. Sticky eyes.
Time to book a flight to Australia.
6. Choose stone fruit.
Times Square is so brightly lit it can be seen from outer space.
This is what CEOs want their employees to have done before they turn the big 3-0.
A guide for women, men and bosses.
Bring a collapsible laundry bag with you.
Does your to-do list get longer every day?
6. Label your emotions.
"Exercise must come first, or it's unlikely to happen at all."
It only takes 30 minutes.
Stunning.
2. Label negative feelings.
Whoa.
"I even laughed at myself after I did this dive."
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
"It protects couples against divorce."
"House of Cards, in its first, best season, was the sort of show where the table could get entirely reset suddenly and shockingly; we're back there now, and it's as thrilling as it was then."
It's a fashion emergency.
"The pain has ceased. And all her tears are dry."
One for the record books.
Take a 360° look inside the new World Trade Center Transit Hub http://ti.me/1LFJJLC
"If you think Luke is gay, of course he is."
J.K. Rowling typed the first two 'Harry Potter' books while sitting in it.
1. A doula for a day.
"At least you know Frank knows how to run the country."
"You know, there's a lot of people who love me, they just won't vote for me." - Dr. Ben Carson
2. Schedule your nap early in the day.
"In case you are wondering, homemade cardboard license plates are NOT legal."
"Is it just me, or do hardworking men get more respect, while hardworking women just get more work?"
There is real life precedent for Claire's maneuvering on House of Cards.
"If only nature would find a way to cover these oranges so we didn't need to waste so much plastic on them."
What four words best describe Donald J. Trump?
Feeling hungry?
5. Store your files smart.
Handgun sales made up 75% of the firm's total gun sales.
Google has added animal sounds to its search engine.
How would you do on the new SAT?
Tina Fey said she made use of her "fake-journalist muscle" from playing a Weekend Update anchor on Saturday Night Live.
Lady Gaga: "At rehearsal the survivors and I made a pact."
4. It's no longer like a TV series.
Is "drone hunting" going to become a thing?
"It's doubtful that there will be a more painful 2016 TV episode than the Fuller House pilot."
"Thanks to Taylor Swift  we have now learned that girls travel in what are called squads."
5. They stay curious.
It's called "geographic profiling."
"42% of the time, women are charged an average of 7% more than men for what is ostensibly the same product."
Rupert Murdoch and Jerry Hall were married at Spencer House, an 18th-century aristocratic palace in central London.
5. Remember that forgiveness isn't part of the deal.
Meghan Trainor: "Let's break every rule we can find."
Nastia Liukin: "One of the hard things about gymnastics is that a lot of people will go through their whole life without being able to go upside down and do a flip on a beam."
"I didn't quite manage what I hoped I would throughout the trilogy."
Failure isn't permanent.
3. You're not learning.
Donald J. Trump is anything but typical.
"From the time I left in 1991, Cuba has been a terrible nightmare for me."
Many are flagship teaching hospitals.
Two face first-degree arson charges that could send them to jail for life.
Pizza can now literally light up your life.
1. Stay calm.
New exhibit shows the massive amount of wildlife that lives in just one cubic foot of space.
Whoopi Goldberg, Patrick Stewart and Emily Ratajkowski answer the call.
She's the nemesis of the top godfather of the Sicilian Mafia, Matteo Messina Denaro.
"Italians simply drink their coffee differently from the rest of the world."
3. Listen selectively.
In Beijing's view, Washington is the real culprit when it comes to increasing tensions in the hotly contested waters.
"The absence of moles doesn't mean you shouldn't get checked for skin cancer."
Kayla Itsines: "I want women to work out because they love their body, not because they hate it."
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
"I think the facepalm is going to be my favorite."
No more star-crossed teen lovers, gay couples, dramatic extra-marital affairs — even time travel is off limits on Chinese TV.
Homosexuality is punishable by death in Iran.
Holy behind-the-scenes access, Batman!
The Team of Refugee Olympic Athletes will take part in the opening ceremony, wear its own uniform and compete.
It chemically and mathematically has to be there.
Around 100,000 people are still homeless, their land poisoned by the nuclear fallout.
The album is now available on iTunes.
"The only way for defending the sovereignty of our nation and its right to existence under the present extreme situation is to bolster up nuclear force."
3. Know what drains you and what sustains you.
The debate's weirder moments really have to be seen to be believed.
Is it more important in government to be flexible or principled?
"Well he's very flexible, so you never know."
2. Fear of poverty.
Live with Rubio communications director Alex Conant.
Spin from the Rubio campaign, via Sen. Cory Gardner.
The scene inside the post-debate spin room.
Live with Michigan Democratic Party Chair Brandon Dillon
No more deleting selfies to make room in the camera roll.
Who impressed you the most?
Change the way you use Facebook.
Researchers have developed a new "lifestyle score."
Donald J. Trump: "We should go for waterboarding and we should go tougher than waterboarding."
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
Donald J. Trump: "I would bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding."
Focus instead on what you're aiming to improve.
Donald J. Trump: "I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee it."
It will start on the 70th floor of a 72-story building and end on the 69th floor.
Germaphobe flyers rejoice.
Simple activities can be the easiest and best strategies.
6. Raise your frustration tolerance.
"I like Ted Cruz"
Go through the 76-year evolution of the Disney princess.
Science explains why stepping on LEGOs is so painful.
He rolled by a car on a hoverboard and shot the driver.
"What if others are attacked, and you and I did nothing to prevent it?"
"It's unfortunate that Zoe Saldana is being attacked so viciously."
"Child Garden" was intended to set kids free in nature, where they could learn from everyday experiences rather than books.
"Donald Trump has a long history of defrauding others to make himself richer"
How you cook with olive oil can impact your health.
When you can't make it to a Genius Bar.
"It's important to pick and choose your battles."
Never listen to a voicemail again.
No, it doesn't include Salt N Pepa's 'Push It.'
Celebrate National Reading Month with these short books.
Kobe Bryant is a big Harry Potter fan.
Adorable.
"All of these cases are questions of exclusion."
"Cool story but please take Nina's name out your mouth."
Chris Christie: "No I wasn't sitting there wondering 'Oh, what have I done…'"
Donald J. Trump: "I could have said, 'Mitt, drop to your knees,' he would have dropped to his knees."
Tina Fey knows her rappers and cheeses.
25 years ago, on March 3, 1991, four white Los Angeles police officers brutally beat Rodney King  http://ti.me/24DGDhr
Broad City was just picked up for two more seasons, but this is what Abbi and Ilana are really excited about.
2. Be as inconspicuous as possible.
Meet Keta and Mandu.
"Look first of all, I love the KKK, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney. They are fantastic people, I've known them a long time."
Get ready for a sugar rush.
The members of the Fuller House cast are "adult roommate detectives who have seen a little bit too much."
Mitt Romney: "Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud."
It can answer questions, turn on lights, and order items.
2. Learn sugar's aliases.
The technology could someday help paralyzed people regain their mobility with the help of artificial limbs.
3. Don't judge your relationship against anyone else's.
"A Donald J. Trump rally speaks to people on a level beyond pure rationality."
9. Indulge in a massage.
"I found, to my surprise, that the NSA deserves the respect and appreciation of the American people. But it should never, ever be trusted."
Google tops the list.
The long-awaited Ghostbusters trailer is here.
Morgan Freeman credits his college voice and diction instructor.
They've called the program "Hack the Pentagon."
It's dog vs. machine.
TIME's new cover: On the plane with Donald Trump http://ti.me/1p1b5Sy
Trying to figure out where best to spend your golden years?
The Great GOP Intervention of 2016.
Hayek has "expressed her displeasure" with the police ruling.
There are 1,810 billionaires in the world.
It's not just about the salary.
It's time to start heading to bed a little earlier.
The Playgrounds at Bluejack National couldn't ask for a better inaugural shot.
"These photos are about loneliness."
A company has created hot-cocoa-flavored mushroom tea.
"It was an inspiration to me that my mother worked. I have huge respect for her."
He was worried about his wife's trip to the dentist in Iran.
Absolute speed demon.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
"[While he burned] called out for Tibet's complete independence."
The location of the debris in Mozambique matches investigators' drift modeling.
Stunning.
Thousands have injuries that will never heal — phantom pains from amputations, burns covering much of their bodies and extensive brain damage.
What are the hot topics?
The band put the rumors to rest in hilarious fashion.
5. Plan an exit strategy.
Move is the latest in a series of measures to crush dissent.
Neither the Justice nor the State departments negotiate with fugitives who are not on U.S. soil.
2. The friend you can rely on.
"I used to thrive on stress — I truly believed it gave me energy and excitement."
Holy behind-the-scenes access, Batman!
Kanye tweeted a picture of his computer that showed a tab open for the Pirate Bay.
The one word you should stop using immediately.
The woman and her daughter have attended more than 100 Springsteen concerts over the years.
An Englishman found the tag during a vacation in Vietnam.
3. Listen selectively.
It's not even fazed.
3. You're not learning.
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
Tornado outbreaks cause billions of dollars in damage each year.
3. You can use Gmail offline, too.
He clocked nearly 60 miles per hour.
"The absence of moles doesn't mean you shouldn't get checked for skin cancer."
Pizza can now literally light up your life.
"I think the facepalm is going to be my favorite."
Travel like a pro.
Whoopi Goldberg, Patrick Stewart, and Emily Ratajkowski answer the call
"It shouldn't have to work this way."
1. Stay calm.
"Italians simply drink their coffee differently from the rest of the world."
Here's how to do it.
The GOP is gearing up to bankroll a desperate effort to stop Donald J. Trump.
Sales increased 40% in 2015.
Loretta Lynn: "We don't have real country music anymore, not like they used to have."
Why it's so hard to attack Donald J. Trump http://ti.me/1oZJWiT
Kayla Itsines: "I want women to work out because they love their body, not because they hate it."
"Christie knows the kind of demagogue with whom he has allied himself."
Ashton Kutcher: "It was a ninja effort."
"From the time I left in 1991, Cuba has been a terrible nightmare for me."
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
"I love that the period-related pain many women experience is finally being acknowledged and recognized."
3. Flash the right kind of smile.
The fact that women typically earn less than men is only part of the problem.
Controversy has plagued the film for years.
1. Find one clear, strong idea—and then run with it.
Here's how to identify SAD—and find remedies that really work.
Time to get rid of your stash of diet soda.
Lessons for anyone who wants to wake up early.
Jennifer Garner reads "a children's book for adults."
It looks like Kanye may have been searching for an illegal download.
"I love how everybody gets to have an opinion about what women are going to do with themselves."
"You know what? I just love to twerk."
She asked Barack Obama if he liked a potential baby name.
"Excellence is being willing to learn and be humble. Arrogance is being unwilling to listen."
"I miss them."
"He got really offended."
1. Give yourself at least 15 minutes of no screen time.
Fuller House is coming back for a second season.
The extra money could help her move to a nicer, more accessible apartment.
NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly returned to Earth on Tuesday night.
Some members of Lady Gaga's family did not know she was a sexual assault survivor until her performance at the Oscars.
These two things will keep you going back to the gym.
The Internet noticed something was off with Christie.
He clocked nearly 60 miles per hour.
Both claimed a win of sorts on Tuesday night.
Her mother says that Rebecca can die, knowing that her dream came true
Not everything belongs front and center.
Welcome back Scott!
"We should have been outraged by Trump from the very beginning."
"We wanted a policy in place which recognizes and allows women to take time for their body's natural cycle without putting this under the label of illness"
A former sniper shares his tip for keeping your attention on the task at hand.
After accusing Tentaciones magazine, she now wants a subscription
A 12-year-old girl was charged because she posted a message on Instagram that included bomb, knife and gun emojis and the phrase "meet me in the Library."
A top-notch assortment of hilarious news bloopers.
It may be the most Australian video of all time.
It's called "remote play."
Leonardo DiCaprio and Brie Larson were on screen together for a moment.
"You can get to a place where you're healthy and happy — and still prioritize other goals that matter more to you than your weight."
It's meant to help employees connect and collaborate.
Scott Kelly returned to Earth Wednesday after 340 days in space.
"We think it won't get any worse and then it does."
An old favorite showed up to the Oscars.
"I sincerely hope I shall always be a credit to my race and to the motion picture industry."
In just nine weeks 129,455 people arrived on the shores of Greece and Italy.
1. Almonds.
Garner has written more than a dozen books of fiction and nonfiction.
He admits mistakes.
Grey hair is one of the inevitable parts of getting older.
The DJI Phantom 4 can see and avoid obstacles in its path.
"This candidate, he's gotta be the worst candidate in history."
The cease-fire is intended to pave the way for the resumption of peace talks to end the five-year conflict.
It's now up to Congress to set boundaries over who can legally access your digital life.
She's not the only Kylie in town.
President Obama is expected to attend the game.
American astronaut Scott Kelly has landed on Earth after the year in space.
Lindsey Graham: "We may be in a position where we have to rally around Ted Cruz as the only way to stop Donald Trump."
Never mind all of Donald J. Trump's Super Tuesday wins.
Donald J. Trump: "I am a unifier." http://ti.me/21Bs2UV
"I'm serious Christie looks on the verge of tears."
4. There are things a landlord can't legally ask you.
It's not just about the salary.
Bernie Sanders: "This campaign is not just about electing a president. It is about transforming America."
It's time to start heading to bed a little earlier.
Hillary Clinton: "I believe what we need in America today is more love and kindness." http://ti.me/1ONMBRd
Watch the Super Tuesday results roll in.
"People are starting to panic."
"I chose surgery because of how I felt, not because of what anyone else thought."
"Seriously though, when is this going to change?"
8. Zayn's first solo album, 'Mind of Mine.'
Adorable.
Everyone agrees that a group of black students was escorted from a Donald J. Trump rally. No one agrees on why.
Can you answer them?
Hayek has "expressed her displeasure" with the police ruling
Is the Grand Old Party willing to roll the dice with Donald J. Trump as its standard-bearer?
It would have required students to use bathrooms that matched their sex at birth
How would you do on the new SAT?
Do you know who was the first woman to run for President?
Sacha Baron Cohen: "But luckily my wife put on the Ali G beard in the disabled toilets, and we managed to get away with it."
Hear music and other sounds like never before.
They didn't realize there was still time on the clock.
Everybody needs a hobby.
Trying to figure out where best to spend your golden years?
He was worried about his wife's trip to the dentist in Iran.
"I wish I was a little bit Ballmer?"
"I only agreed to come on this show February 29th because I thought that date didn't exist."
A Secret Service agent threw a TIME photographer to the ground at a Donald J. Trump rally on Monday.
Stunning.
Good news for junk food lovers.
"And it would be so magically unpredictable but at the same time, so incredibly fated, just like the best love stories are."
"I have come to understand their fight is for something much bigger than one phone."
Marco Rubio: "He's flying around on Hair Force One."
"That was a personal throwdown."
It's dog vs. machine.
"It was an inspiration to me that my mother worked. I have huge respect for her."
Stephen Curry has already broken the NBA single-season record for three-pointers.
There are 1,810 billionaires in the world.
Adele brought the couple up on stage.
3. Conveniently appear in all the right places.
2. Don't vent your anger.
"The most important part of any new habit is getting started."
"We can't demand equality on one hand but say we should be excused from the draft solely because of our gender on the other."
1. You need to count calories to lose weight.
"Not everything is going to pan out perfectly for you or the person whose talent you're fostering."
In 2014, 22% of active-component women reported having been sexually harassed.
4, What would you do if no one would judge you?
The remaining presidential candidates pin their hopes on contests in about a dozen states.
Here's what happened on The Bachelor.
McDonald's is making Happy Meal boxes that turn into cardboard virtual reality viewers.
Watching an athlete at the top of their game is like getting a dopamine shot on your sofa.
McCain is hardly a Trump booster.
Two retired officers on ways to make the military a better place for the 200,000 female soldiers who serve.
Mitch Winehouse doesn't like the way he was portrayed in the Oscar-winning film about his daughter
Everything before Tuesday has been a scrimmage.
The writer and actor does not like being airbrushed
The mosquito is the deadliest creature in the world to human beings.
Star Wars fans will see a lot more of Luke Skywalker in the next film
The first batch of games for the augmented reality headset looks pretty weird.
Health officials have taken their educational outreach directly to the websites and apps.
Baghdad could be inundated within 24 hours of a potential breach.
"Our focus is on the villages, poor, farmers, women and the youth."
The initiative will be China's most ambitious cost-cutting exercise in nearly 20 years.
iPhone users can now add pit stops to their routes in Google Maps.
At first it looks like a cute tale of a father bear struggling to get back to his family.
Some 7,000 migrants are crammed into a tiny camp at the Greek border village of Idomeni.
"Many have sensationalized my British citizenship and have complicated the situation."
The so-called "female Viagra" drug isn't showing impressive results.
It has lost more than $2 billion in total since launching.
Fisheries in the most affected regions remain closed.
It comes at a steep price.
Police have refused to release footage of the incident from officers' body cameras.
"He seemed to suggest he was the first openly gay man to ever win an Oscar."
"It is still a mystery to us," said Barabo's deputy police chief.
Stop drilling over and over again.
"The evidence that links Zika virus with Guillain-Barre syndrome is now substantially more compelling."
Time to book a flight to Australia.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
The last two flights of refugees arrived at Toronto's Pearson Airport on Monday.
Leo's win topped out at around 440,000 tweets per minute.
"Being and staying confident is an ongoing process—it's not like you become confident and then you stay that way forever."
3. A lateral move makes more sense.
"Often the 'little' stuff forms the foundation of gender bias."
He just got his braces put on.
There have been more than a dozen accidents since the self-driving car project began.
"To me, the pressure to 'find your passion' felt like having to pick a major—for life."
Police did not know it was a BB gun
An estimated 4,000 people live in the camp.
Clinton expects large victories on Super Tuesday
"This candidate, he's gotta be the worst candidate in history."
A 12-year-old girl was charged because she posted a message on Instagram that included bomb, knife and gun emojis and the phrase "meet me in the Library."
Would you like virtual fries with that?
He admits mistakes.
His grandson said he died of old age
"Donald is not going to make America great, he's going to make America orange"
Leonardo DiCaprio and Brie Larson were on screen together for a moment.
Some speculated that Trump walked back his immigration plans in the interview
"This is not the time for Snapchat to malfunction!"
Melania Trump: "He's an adult. He knows the consequences."
Ja Rule celebrated held his "10th birthday party" in Las Vegas.
"I sincerely hope I shall always be a credit to my race and to the motion picture industry."
The hackers also posted several tweets containing racist content.
The scuffle saw a TIME photographer thrown to the ground in a choke hold at a Donald J. Trump rally.
Morgan Freeman grabbed a cookie and walked off stage.
"We are not sufficiently celebrating the women entrepreneurs' success."
Score some coffee, chicken wings, pizza, and donuts.
1. Almonds.
It involves three countries, an army, an air force, 14 helicopters and two space agencies.
How would you do on the new SAT?
6. Label your emotions.
Including Leonardo DiCaprio's big win.
7. Take care of your health.
In one Chicago town, bachelors could be arrested for the crime of being single.
2. Label negative feelings.
Bring a collapsible laundry bag with you.
She was almost in tears.
Barbara Corcoran: "You can be far more aggressive if it's clothed in likability."
Jimmy Kimmel was not happy about Matt Damon's surprise appearance.
Chris Rock: "Robert De Niro has never said, 'I've got to slow this acting down so Meryl Street can catch up.'"
3. Learn a foreign language.
See Lady Gaga, Lorde and Taylor Swift after the Oscars.
This is what CEOs want their employees to have done before they turn the big 3-0.
Leonardo DiCaprio: "Do you do this every year? I wouldn't know."
"You can get to a place where you're healthy and happy—and still prioritize other goals that matter more to you than your weight."
A former sniper shares his tip for keeping your attention on the task at hand.
Start by sharing something about yourself.
"I want to make it cool to compliment other women rather than compete with them."
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
Not everything belongs front and center.
An old favorite showed up to the Oscars
She's not the only Kylie in town
Health experts are still trying to definitively prove that Zika is linked to microcephaly, but the evidence is very strong.
The show may have opened the door to a somewhat brighter future.
"Donald Trump can seem appealing until you take a closer look, much like a lunch buffet at a strip club"
4. Baby steps can be more effective than big leaps.
For future space travel destinations.
J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series was assigned in 438 classrooms.
2. Don't regurgitate your resume.
Abusive head trauma is a leading cause of death for infants younger than 2 in the U.S.
Xi Jinping has urged "party members and cadres to study the pioneering work."
Leonardo DiCaprio won Best Actor for his role in 'The Revenant.'
"It's not just 'she for she' or 'he for she.' It's 'we for we.'"
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
China says it will have a permanently manned space station in orbit by the year 2022.
What began as a party weekend among friends took a dark turn.
The "Netflix for pirates" is back up and running.
Failure isn't permanent.
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
Space flight has always been a thing of narrow margins.
The 21-year-old University of Virginia student was detained in Pyongyang on Jan. 2.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says Europe cannot allow Greece to "fall into chaos."
A supercut of scenes from every Leo movie ever.
"Whether you agree with Hillary Clinton's policies or not, the symbolism of a woman being president and in the Oval Office is beyond exciting."
"I must say in those days, if a priest denied such activity, I was very strongly inclined to accept the denial."
It was one of the few true surprises at Sunday night's ceremony.
This year's ceremony "was defined more by its host than by any of the winners."
Leonardo DiCaprio finally took home an Oscar for his role in 'The Revenant.'
"Let us not take this planet for granted," Leo said. "I do not take tonight for granted."
Chris Rock: "Leo, you made $30 million — come on!"
Leonardo DiCaprio took home his first Oscar for actor in a leading role.
Lady Gaga did it again.
Lady Gaga did it again.
Lady Gaga did it again.
The 3 robots wandered on to the stage while looking for their seats.
Kevin Hart: "I want to take a moment to applaud all of my actors and actresses of color that didn't get nominated tonight…At the end of the day, we love what we do and we're breaking major ground doing it."
Watch the bear from The Revenant Movie politely applaud during the Oscars.
Chris Rock: "We want black actors to get the same opportunities as white actors. That's it."
Chris Rock: "If they nominated hosts I wouldn't get this job right now. You'd be watching Neil Patrick Harris right now."
They'll never let go.
Spoiler alert!
It's the film industry's biggest night of the year!
Viola Davis: "The only thing that separates women of color from anyone else is opportunity."
"When you see an occasion where a designer has created something so specifically for a celebrity... that's special. And it's not easy to fake."
"Red carpet style is one thing, but what people wear to the Oscars is a whole other thing."
Viola Davis: "The only thing that separates women of color from anyone else is opportunity."
Will Leonardo DiCaprio finally win tonight?
"How do you take something mundane, that most of us overlook, and turn it into something attractive and compelling?"
"America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK"
"Don't slow down when you start seeing some progress."
What the clothes seen in films say about the history of the last 100 years.
"These young people were just starting out in their life"
IQ is overrated.
Who's expected to win?
Democratic strategists and the national party are stockpiling potential ammunition about Trump
"I didn't know who said it, but what difference does it make if it was Mussolini or somebody else? It's a very good quote"
Here's how to do it.
Her endorsement comes one day after Hillary Clinton's win against Sanders in South Carolina
"Trust that, if you write it down, one day you'll make your goal happen."
"Deadpool" brought in an estimated $31.5 million
The one word you should stop using immediately.
2. The friend you can rely on.
The parody is called "Straight Out of Compton"
2. Sticky eyes.
It tied "Fantastic Four" for the year's worst film
Leonardo DiCaprio is in good company.
She had previously served in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve
"It's 2016, a woman can be the frontrunner for a major party's presidential nomination, and we're still only worth what we look like."
Report cards aren't just for students.
Viola Davis: "I'm not going to get the same kind of roles as Meryl Streep. I'm not going to get the same kind of roles as Julianne Moore. I'm not going to get those same roles."
The billionaire businessman said he'd first need to "do research" on the group
"It was exactly 20 years ago, in 1996, that a protest over Oscars diversity erupted and led to a very different response: ridicule."
One person was stabbed with the decorative end of a flagstaff
Stock up on fruit and nut bars.
Good news: You don't have to skip the drink.
"We haven't yet forgotten about a stranded astronaut"
Geena Davis: Media images "shape how we see ourselves and what seems normal."
"Nothing has happened that's made me regret not checking my phone."
There's more to this stunning photo than meets the eye.
It only takes 30 minutes.
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
6. Choose stone fruit.
The consequences are drastic.
"There's a real need that cannot be met simply by telling people to eat better and exercise."
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
"The reality is that passion and emotion go hand-in-hand."
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
5. "I love my baby. And my career. I'm not conflicted about loving both."
A Harvard linguist weighs in on easy but effective ways to write better.
5. Take deep breaths.
It's one of those things you have to see to believe, and even then, you might not.
2. Fear of poverty.
These two things will keep you going back to the gym.
No more deleting selfies to make room in the camera roll.
3. Turn off the TV.
Most people don't know there is a simple trick to get a cheaper flight.
One of the most detailed photos of the Milky Way galaxy from the southern hemisphere.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
Make the most of your bedtime routine.
Change the way you use Facebook.
Amur leopards are extremely endangered.
"It's not just 'she for she' or 'he for she.' It's 'we for we.'"
It includes every Leonardo DiCaprio movie ever.
Breaking news: Hillary Clinton has won the South Carolina Democratic primary.
"I used to thrive on stress — I truly believed it gave me energy and excitement."
Barbara Corcoran: "You can be far more aggressive if it's clothed in likability."
4. Baby steps can be more effective than big leaps.
Who's expected to win?
Jennifer Lawrence is just the most visible example of unequal pay
Failure isn't permanent.
2. Make video chats a habit.
J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series was assigned in 438 classrooms.
'The Revenant' is nominated for an Oscar in the Best Picture category.
Prices during peak times will rise up to 20%
NASA has released a batch of 'vintage' space tourism posters
The ball dogs took center stage
Good night, insomnia.
They're facing felony charges
Apple says that software code is a form of speech
"What image is the Academy peddling this year, and what does that say about us right now?"
The B-21's design has been released
2. Write down what you learn.
They broke in while the mother was asleep
It's important to prioritize yourself.
"Will Ferrell has reached walking living breathing god status!"
Always make a good impression.
"He reminds me of Hitler. That's the way he started speaking"
"There's no reason that marriage should be considered the only or best choice."
They had problems with 90s movie catchphrases
3. You're not learning.
Police say the students themselves committed a crime
How many movies can you squeeze in before the Oscars on Sunday?
"He didn't deserve a slow and painful death"
Not everything belongs front and center.
The robot revolution is coming.
Apple said the policy would be restrictive and unnecessary
He had an optimistic message for those worried about the economy
1. Eat right away.
1. You need to count calories to lose weight.
"It's about inclusivity"
Here's how to stay on top of your duties.
"A lack of close friendships may be hazardous to your health."
1. Almonds.
For the first time, a member of Team USA will be wearing a hijab.
7. Take care of your health.
"You want a strong-willed child. Those are the ones who don't follow their friends into trouble in high school."
3. Learn a foreign language.
Math homework just got way easier.
2. Label negative feelings.
Looking for love in the wrong places?
This is what CEOs want their employees to have done before they turn the big 3-0.
This toy isn't messing around.
Bring a collapsible laundry bag with you.
She just learned how to walk.
6. Label your emotions.
Make yourself a better learner.
3. Know what drains you and what sustains you.
This is dedication.
If you don't want to get divorced in the first five years, that is.
A healthy snack will tide you over.
2. Only eat high quality dark chocolate.
Find out the single best predictor of whether a relationship is working.
Time to get rid of your stash of diet soda.
Feeling hungry?
No more bad moods.
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
An anchor rushes on set to save the day.
Barbara Corcoran: "You can be far more aggressive if it's clothed in likability."
Wondering what 'Brooklyn' was really about?
He's even wearing a plaid shirt.
The Academy has a long history of snubbing deserving films.
3. A lateral move makes more sense.
Gerard Butler played a game of "Slapjack."
Chris Rock will host the Oscars on Sunday.
From Halle Berry to Robin Williams.
Jennifer Garner: "It was a real marriage."
Go ahead and get the least-expensive bottle on the menu.
Have you seen Dory?
"I've been doing this for 14 years and this is my first call for a unicorn."
"I want to make it cool to compliment other women rather than compete with them."
Does your favorite Pokemon game make the list?
Kim Kardashian West is standing by her husband.
Will Leonardo DiCaprio finally win on Sunday night?
"Trump seems immune to those who would challenge him on positions and statements that, for anyone else, should have proved disqualifying."
Hint: It doesn't involve work.
"If you killed Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial was in the Senate, nobody would convict you."
"Trump/Christie 2016: The government will regularly carry out petty vendettas against citizens over perceived slights."
Leonardo DiCaprio is in good company.
The photo shows J.K. Rowling with the cast, creative team and producers of the show.
Chris Rock will host the Oscars on Sunday.
"Fuller House has nothing more to offer than a look at what an old show's actors and format look like in the present day."
"To me, the pressure to 'find your passion' felt like having to pick a major—for life."
Breaking news: Chris Christie just endorsed Donald J. Trump.
"Have it your way."
Facebook is changing how you interact with ads.
A simple question changed the course of Internet history forever: "What color is this dress?"
"I believe budgeting isn't a goal in and of itself but a powerful tool that can help you achieve your other goals."
"The reality is that passion and emotion go hand-in-hand."
7. Make your opening line memorable.
1. Make omelets your go-to.
"You could see the love between them."
Abby Wambach: "I know what it feels like to be looked at differently."
They didn't take any selfies.
Stop drilling over and over again.
Experts reveal common bad habits you should avoid.
"Being and staying confident is an ongoing process—it's not like you become confident and then you stay that way forever."
"Often the 'little' stuff forms the foundation of gender bias."
Aerial footage shows extensive damage in Pensacola, Florida.
"If that gross ratty old man George Clooney can find a girl…"
"Yeah, really sorry I just bawled."
"It was a sorely needed concentrated attack on Trump."
This year, the Oscars are under the greatest microscope they've been in years.
"We are seeing victim-blaming, disbelief and public shaming."
3. You can use Gmail offline, too.
Times Square is so brightly lit it can be seen from outer space.
Zhang Kai was arrested in August 2015 amid a state crackdown on churches in the country.
"Being afraid of mistakes is worse than making them."
A look at how the country is faring after the nuclear deal.
Enter your address and step into the shoes of patient zero.
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
4. Strawberry cheesecake.
Nearly 55 million Iranians are eligible to vote.
The ship ran aground Wednesday during a massive blizzard.
There's more to this stunning photo than meets the eye.
It's the "billionaire capital of the world."
"I knew they seemed too quiet."
"Today has to be one of the best days I've seen in 40 years."
Watching Netflix just got easier.
The E.U. could be on the cusp of a massive humanitarian catastrophe.
Seinfeld fans, rejoice.
Edina and Patsy's big screen debut, darlings.
A two-week ceasefire is set to begin on Friday.
And then there were five
Super Tuesday may be Cruz's final reckoning.
Taraji P. Henson played "The Acting Game" with Jimmy Fallon.
From Trump University to polish workers.
Who do you think won the debate?
Dr. Ben Carson: "The fruit salad of their life is what I will look at."
These fitness trackers don't scream "calculator watch."
No more deleting selfies to make room in the camera roll.
Marco Rubio: "Again, go online and Google it. Donald Trump, Polish workers. You'll see it."
Thank goodness for nap time.
Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin has said he wants to legalize marijuana in the state
Can't find your phone?
The trip is expected to take her 14 hours.
She used the word 'superpredators' to describe kids with "no conscience, no empathy" who committed crimes in 1996
"I told him that... I was confident that I could be successful and that my kids needed me between 5 p.m. and 8 p.m. every night."
The image was captured by NASA's New Horizons spacecraft
Lorde paid tribute to David Bowie at the BRIT Awards.
Who's expected to win?
The move comes amid a controversial debate over removing the Confederate battle emblem from the state flag
5. Almonds.
Could this become the next New York City food hybrid trend?
Researchers have developed a new "lifestyle score."
1. I built up an emergency fund.
Now we know what Tom Brady has been up to in his offseason down time.
6. Choose stone fruit.
Could anyone really endure all that?
It's not just about the salary.
Emma Watson: "I feel as though I spent a long time trying to pretend I was not like Hermione."
Adele and Ellen DeGeneres played a game called "5 Second Rule."
The Revenant is nominated for an Oscar in the Best Picture category.
"What is it about some people that makes them unforgettable, that makes me want to invite them to everything, that makes them inspiring?"
Are you more like Brando or Loren?
Back at it again with the remix.
4. Baby steps can be more effective than big leaps.
3. Listen selectively.
It involves a character alive in the books but dead on Game of Thrones.
"He was trying to plot, but he's really bad at it to be honest."
Helen Mirren plays a military commander who must decide how to minimize the collateral damage of a difficult mission.
4. There are things a landlord can't legally ask you.
"You can't find your way to a healthy, happy, full life just by copying what I do."
IQ is overrated.
It only takes 30 minutes.
7. Take care of your health.
3. Flash the right kind of smile.
Exclusive: Kayla Itsines created a workout that's perfect for beginners and fitness fanatics.
J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series was assigned in 438 classrooms.
Kayla Itsines: "I want women to work out because they love their body, not because they hate it."
Apple is reportedly working on iPhones even it can't hack.
5. "I love my baby. And my career. I'm not conflicted about loving both."
"Walking away from this friendship was the most liberating thing I've done in years."
Who do you think should win?
"What image is the Academy peddling this year, and what does that say about us right now?"
5. Take deep breaths.
"I didn't think I'd ever be able to get into the White House and meet the President."
If the "poorly educated" made a video for Trump...
Watch out Hollywood
And it's not Donald Trump
This story got a happy ending
TIME's new cover: Driverless cars. Do you have a right to drive? http://ti.me/1QH9Tjd
What the clothes seen in films say about the history of the last 100 years.
"In a world where a bunch of rich people dress up in fancy clothes to give each other trophies, these eight films will compete for Hollywood's highest honor."
"I think it's just to get attention. It's to get the likes. Everything's about the likes."
"This would be bad for America."
The two men were found guilty last April but the conviction was overturned in August over a lack of evidence.
Women currently make up 2.5% of the Indian army's million-plus personnel.
6. Label your emotions.
The plane disintegrated in midair less than a half an hour after leaving the resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh.
"I used to thrive on stress — I truly believed it gave me energy and excitement."
The five-year civil war has killed more than 250,000 people and displaced millions.
Piper the piglet made friends with the puppy who lives next door.
British news outlets have already nicknamed the railway the "Lizzie Line."
"You can use it as a tool to grow together."
Color in the adventures of the time traveling Doctor and some of his greatest friends and enemies.
One of the most detailed photos of the Milky Way galaxy from the southern hemisphere.
The hit show garnered tens of millions of views online before it was removed.
The legendary heavy metal band plans to release the album on April 16 for Record Store Day.
The World Health Organization says Zika will pose a "formidable" challenge to eradicate.
3. Watch for filler comments.
Where does your city rank?
The Mighty is pitched as "the first and only device that plays your Spotify music on-the-go without a smartphone."
What is it about Morgan Freeman's voice?
Drake made a surprise appearance at the end of her performance.
"You didn't know we had those moves, did you?"
Greece lashed out at E.U. member states that "not only erect fences on their borders but at the same time do not accept to take in a single refugee."
"Hearing a child reading can really calm those animals."
You can't go wrong with these dinners.
It includes every Leonardo DiCaprio movie ever.
It was only the second 3-pointer of his college career.
"There's a real need that cannot be met simply by telling people to eat better and exercise."
"Danny Tanner was a loving, caring TV dad. He represented something important, as did the show's two uncles, Jesse and Joey."
It's the "billionaire capital of the world."
Change the way you use Facebook.
"I knew they seemed too quiet."
Canada's government is looking into legalizing recreational marijuana
They star as a lighthouse keeper and his wife who live on a remote Australian island just after World War I.
3. You can use Gmail offline, too.
Watching Netflix just got easier.
"We really ought to see from all three of these fellas what their taxes look like to see if there's an issue there"
Here's how to do it.
4. Strawberry cheesecake.
And most support his proposed Muslim ban
Seinfeld fans, rejoice.
"We've had some bad ones."
"What is it about some people that makes them unforgettable, that makes me want to invite them to everything, that makes them inspiring?"
She cut a deal with a pot dispensary in Portland and set up a table in front of the store.
Stephen Curry hits too many improbable shots in real life.
2. The friend you can rely on.
Pay attention to facial expression and posture.
Adele joins Lady Gaga, Ariana Grande and Lorde in supporting Kesha.
There's a thin line between overuse and addiction.
He's caught off guard by a group of hoverboard-riding undead.
The one word you should stop using immediately.
"The outcome of the showdown will have far-ranging repercussions for our increasingly digital future."
"There's no reason that marriage should be considered the only or best choice."
Kanye West is on his second tweet spree in 24 hours.
1. You need to count calories to lose weight.
"I didn't know what ISIS means, or Islam."
2. Sticky eyes.
It's important to prioritize yourself.
He's going to be back at it with the white Vans for a while.
"Figuring out how to post Instagram photos without paying for Data Roaming can be really complicated."
"Trust that, if you write it down, one day you'll make your goal happen."
Game of Thrones is keeping fans guessing.
5. Plan an exit strategy.
"Nothing has happened that's made me regret not checking my phone."
"Well do I agree all the time with him? No, I don't, and I tell him that, I tell him my opinions, I tell him what I think."
Stock up on fruit and nut bars.
"I said, 'How do you feel about this line, Taylor?'"
"Who is Bob Ezrin?"
"I chose surgery because of how I felt, not because of what anyone else thought."
Uncanny.
Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton said he was "appalled" by the plate.
Would you take one?
Your cluttered countertops could be to blame.
Let the games begin.
It involves your wallet
Studios filled with people doing headstands can feel intimidating.
The robot revolution is coming
Madonna took selfies with kids a day before the start of her two-night concert stint in the Philippine capital.
4. Is the work environment somewhere I can be productive?
"You can't throw a hall pass without hitting a medical professional or academic who will explain that sex and gender are distinct."
Nineteenth-century vegetarians were often considered too radical, too naïve, or, simply speaking, wacko.
Rapid diagnostics for Zika have been a major speed bump in the ongoing outbreak.
The deployment comes as the Chinese Foreign Minister traveled to Washington to meet the U.S. Secretary of State.
"Hitler himself is believed to have had two forms of genital abnormality."
Going green is the latest corporate trend.
Why would a religious person choose to attend TED?
"The political obstacles to closure have only grown."
51% said Apple should unlock the phone.
"When you see an occasion where a designer has created something so specifically for a celebrity... that's special. And it's not easy to fake."
How many movies can you squeeze in before the Oscars on Sunday?
Four kids, no tantrums.
"Learning to think first rather than react quick is a life long pursuit."
"Bizarre architecture that is not economical, functional, aesthetically pleasing or environmentally friendly will be forbidden."
Politicians in Brazil are drafting plans that would give jail terms of four-and-a-half years to women who abort fetuses with microcephaly.
Mark Zuckerberg's reading list focused on "different cultures, beliefs, histories and technologies."
One of the most detailed photos of the Milky Way galaxy from the southern hemisphere.
The two countries were close to agreement on a U.N. resolution to punish North Korea after its recent nuclear test.
Make the most of your bedtime routine.
In the U.S. "the most visible issue last year has been the excessive use of force against black youth who raise their voice."
This is what CEOs want their employees to have done before they turn the big 3-0.
Donald J. Trump has won Nevada's Republican caucuses.
Bring a collapsible laundry bag with you.
Want to know why I joined America's Diabetes Challenge? Watch this video! And don't forget to share your story with us at www.AmericasDiabetesChallenge.com. #AmericasDiabetesChallenge #TeamMcGraw

Rockin' the house!  #TeamMcGraw


Throwback 2013!  Photo by T. Mosenfielder.  #TeamMcGraw
Throwback to Summerfest 2013.  Who's coming out this year? #SF2016
Homecoming surprise. #thanksforyourservice #TeamMcGraw

With Brantley Gilbert and Kris Kristofferson at the We're All for the Hall event!  Photo by R. Diamond. #TeamMcGraw
#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind PS22!
Guessing dad loved this as much as his daughter. #TeamMcGraw
Got to work with legends tonight( and great friends)  Martina McBride and Brooks & Dunn Honored !
Go out and earn it. #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
Have a great weekend! #TeamMcGraw


Will we see you this summer?  #TeamMcGraw


With Emma Thompson and Bradley Cooper for "The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon"!  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
Watch the Premiere of the "Humble and Kind" Lyric Video inspired by illustrations from the Humble and Kind book!   Watch on Vevo here: http://smarturl.it/HumbleKindLyricVid


#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind

#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind

#StayHumbleandKind

Who remembers the 2014 CMA Festival?  Photo by L. Busacca.  #TeamMcGraw
Enter for your chance to meet Tim + entry to a show this summer! Join MCGRAWFAN today to enter http://bit.ly/MCGRAWFANCONTEST
#StayHumbleandKind little one.  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
#PrayforOrlando
#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw

This goes back to "The Today Show" performance back in 2014. Photo by A. Walker.  #TeamMcGraw
#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
Thanx Richmond Altria Theater

#StayHumbleandKind

Flashback to the Sundown Heaven Town tour!  Photo by D. Seibert.  #TeamMcGraw


Respect #TeamMcGraw


Great shot by L. Busacca!  #TeamMcGraw
Here's a photo from the Time 100 Gala performance!  Photo by K. Mazur.  #TeamMcGraw
#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
Have you joined #AmericasDiabetesChallenge? Like and share the America's Diabetes Challenge Facebook page and encourage your loved ones with type 2 diabetes to get to their A1C goals! #TeamMcGraw http://on.fb.me/1E5KRE0


Your Vote Counts! "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
Me and my date #cmtawards
We need your vote again. We made it into the top 6. Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! You can vote as many times as you like. http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw
We need your vote again. We made it into the top 6. Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! You can vote as many times as you like. http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw

We need your vote again. We made it into the top 6. Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! You can vote as many times as you like. http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
We need your vote again. We made it into the top 6. Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw
We need your vote again. We made it into the top 6. Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw

We need your vote again. We made it into the top 6.  Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind
We need your vote again. We made it into the top 5. Voting ends tonight. Please Vote For "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! Vote as many times as you can at http://goo.gl/WIJGKA #TeamMcGraw


Please Support "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! Vote! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
Man's best friend. #TeamMcGraw
Your Vote Counts! "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! Vote as many times as you can at http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
Vote "Humble and Kind" Now! Vote.Cmt.Com
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
Good day today at the #TugMcGrawFoundation skeet shoot
"Humble and Kind" is now available on iTunes here http://mcgr.aw/HumbleAndKindDL  #TeamMcGraw
From the 48th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards arrival!  Photo by J. Merritt.  #TeamMcGraw




#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind Josh



"Humble and Kind" is now available on iTunes here http://mcgr.aw/HumbleAndKindDL  #TeamMcGraw

Blessed for these moments!  #TeamMcGraw

Great time Sat night with Drew Brees at Live at the House of Blues, New Orleans for Brees Dream
Love the work ethic. Whatever it takes. #TeamMcGraw

On sale NOW wherever books are sold: http://mcgr.aw/245XQwR


From last year's iHeart Radio Country Festival!  Photo by K. Winter.  #TeamMcGraw
Please Vote "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw

#stayanhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw


Who remembers "The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon" performance?  Photo by J. McCarthy.  #TeamMcGraw
High School Graduation is a special time for kids. Even more so for this student. #TeamMcGraw

#StayHumbleandKind


Have a great weekend!  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind

Nice work Khloe #stayhumbelandkind #TeamMcGraw

"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw

My brother's company is the first LED lighting profile on Science Channel's #HowItsMade. Watch it June 6 at 9pm http://independenceled.com
Throwback to the 2008 MLB World Series game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Tampa Bay Rays!  Photo by Elsa.  #TeamMcGraw
Check out the poster for #TheShack. In theaters March 2017!  #TeamMcGraw




#StayHumbleandKind

#StayHumbleandKind

Here's a shot taken from the Sundown Heaven Town tour!  Photo by D. Seibert.  #TeamMcGraw
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw

Proud moment for this cadet. #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind

#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
Vote "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind
"Humble and Kind" is now available on iTunes here http://mcgr.aw/HumbleAndKindDL
#StayHumbleandKind

#StayHumbleandKind
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! Vote http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw

Amazing recovery. #TeamMcGraw
Today we honor the men and women who have courageously sacrificed for our freedom.  #MemorialDay2016
Love these stories. #TeamMcGraw

Memorial Day Sale TODAY!   20% off storewide sale including new items from the Humble & Kind Collection. Just in time for graduation!  store.timmcgraw.com  #TeamMcGraw

#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
On sale NOW: http://mcgr.aw/245XQwR
Vote! "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
Back the Blue  #StayHumbleandKind #TeamMcGraw

Get 20% off on all the latest items from the Humble & Kind Collection and more! Memorial Day Storewide Sale Now Until Monday, May 30th! http://store.timmcgraw.com    #TeamMcGraw
Out NOW: http://mcgr.aw/245XQwR
Behind the scenes of this past Academy of Country Music Awards!  Photo by J. Shearer.  #TeamMcGraw

Home of the BRAVE. #TeamMcGraw
#TeamMcGraw
Memorial Day Sale Now through Monday, May 30th! 20% off storewide sale including new items from the Humble & Kind Collection. Just in time for graduation!    http://Store.TimMcGraw.com  #TeamMcGraw

#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
As part of America's Diabetes Challenge, I asked you to share your questions with us. We've answered a few here! #AmericasDiabetesChallenge #TeamMcGraw
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
With Ne-Yo!  Photo by Getty.  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind

#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year! http://vote.cmt.com/  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
Throwback to the 49th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards.  Photo by Getty.  #TeamMcGraw

#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
On sale NOW wherever books are sold: http://mcgr.aw/245XQwR
On sale NOW wherever books are sold: http://bit.ly/1LsQAIr

#StayHumbleandKind

Here's to a great week!  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind


#StayHumbleandKind
Here's a photo from this year's Country Radio Seminar.  Photo by N. Kruh.  #TeamMcGraw



Here's a photo from the Shotgun Rider tour at the PNC Music Pavilion stop!  Photo by D. Deaton.  #TeamMcGraw
"Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year!  http://vote.cmt.com/      #TeamMcGraw


#StayHumbleandKind
Flashback to the 48th Annual CMA Awards!  Photo by E. Agostini.  #TeamMcGraw
Do we have any previous or current McGrawFans that remember this? Let us know what year you joined.  #TeamMcGraw
Check out Country Living Magazine's sneak peek of the Humble & Kind book, out Tuesday!  #StayHumbleandKind
Going live from Big Machine Label Group with Scott Borchetta



Vote "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year!  http://vote.cmt.com/      #TeamMcGraw
Great shot by L. Wells!  #TeamMcGraw
Your stories inspire goodness in us all.  Thank you.  #StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind
Friendship endures, #TeamMcGraw
Come out June 4 to the House of Blues New Orleans for this year's #AmazingRace benefitting the Brees Dream Foundation and Just Keep Livin' Foundation. Buy Tickets Here: livemu.sc/1TvP2L9   #TeamMcGraw
Hope everyone is having a great day!  Photo by CMT.  #TeamMcGraw
Please vote "Humble and Kind" for Video of the Year!  http://vote.cmt.com/      #TeamMcGraw
#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
Vote "Humble and Kind" Video of the Year! #CMTAWARDS Vote.cmt.com.   #TeamMcgraw

"Humble and Kind" Vote it for Video of the Year!  http://vote.cmt.com/      #TeamMcGraw
With Lionel Richie! #TeamMcGraw
Join MCGRAWFAN today and enter for your chance to win entry for two to Tim McGraw's show at the Tree Town Music Festival in Forest City, Iowa on 5/29 PLUS meet Tim before the show! http://bit.ly/treetownfestival
Just Announced: Tim to perform 4th of July in WildWood, NJ!  Get your tickets here: http://www.wildwoodbeachconcerts.com/ - #TeamMcGraw

Amen. #TeamMcGraw

With John Rich, Big Kenny and Bobby Jones last year!  Photo by R. Diamond.  #TeamMcGraw
America's Diabetes Challenge wants to hear from you! Tell us about your successes and challenges managing type 2 diabetes. Watch the video to learn how to participate and visit www.AmericasDiabetesChallenge.com! #AmericasDiabetesChallenge #TeamMcGraw


#StayHumbleandKind

This goes back to a show in 2014!  Photo by Getty.  #TeamMcGraw

Friendship #stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw

From a past trip to London!  #TeamMcGraw

This kind of video never gets old. #TeamMcGraw

Flashback to last year's show in Spokane!  #TeamMcGraw
Come out June 4 to the House of Blues New Orleans for this year's #AmazingRace benefitting the Brees Dream Foundation and Just Keep Livin' Foundation.   Tickets Below  #TeamMcGraw
Nice work by this kid. #TeamMcGraw



If you like "Humble and Kind"  Vote it for Video of the Year!    http://vote.cmt.com/   #TeamMcGraw
#TeamMcGraw



#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw




If you like "Humble and Kind"  Vote it for Video of the Year!    http://vote.cmt.com/   #TeamMcGraw
Here's a great photo from a past show!  Photo by C. Flanigan.  #TeamMcGraw

#respect #TeamMcGraw

If you like "Humble and Kind"  Vote it for Video of the Year!    http://vote.cmt.com/   #TeamMcGraw
Throwback to last year's performance for Good Morning America!  Photo by C. Pizzello.  #TeamMcGraw

Great hanging wit u Brett Favre, looking forward to Canton in August at the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
puck yeah Go #Preds!!!


Congrats to Tim on his #CMTawards nomination for Video of the Year! #StayHumbleandKind   Vote on CMT here: http://vote.cmt.com    #TeamMcGraw
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the wildfires. Stay safe everyone! #AlbertaStrong
This Mother's Day as last year, is a bit more reflective at our house than usual.  Our second daughter will be graduating high school. I think of how fortunate they are to have such a great role model in their mother.  I think about all the years watching them grow, learn, fail, and succeed.   How they have looked to her for guidance, love, and reassurance.   I think of my mother, how hard she worked, the struggles she went through in her life, and the sacrifices she made.  And at the pride that she must feel in the legacy that she has created with all of her grandchildren.   I've always been surrounded by strong, thoughtful and compassionate women. In my childhood, and now in my own home with my own family.  So to all of my sisters, my mom, and my beautiful wife… all the mothers in my life, a big thank you and happy Mother's Day!!  Y'all make this world we live in rock!

Everyone have a blessed weekend!  #TeamMcGraw
Doctors feared for her life, now she is headed to prom. Great story. #TeamMcGraw
Don't miss Tim on Friday, June 10 at the Altria Theater. Tickets are on sale now!  #TeamMcGraw
#WeAreInvictus

Right on man Congrats!

From a past visit to the Hoover Dam!  #TeamMcGraw
Happy belated birthday to one of my oldest friends
#FBF

Watch Scholastic Kid Reporter Lilian Jochmann's interview with Tim about "Humble and Kind".  Thanks Lilian!  #TeamMcGraw

True Hero #TeamMcGraw

Throwback to NYC last year!  Photo by M. Bishop.  #TeamMcGraw
Pre-order the new Humble & Kind Book today with limited edition hoodie, mug and more!  Makes a great gift for the grad on your list. http://bit.ly/humblebook

This dad will do anything for his kids. #stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw

From the 87th Annual Academy Awards.  Photo by J. Merritt.  #TeamMcGraw
Talk about a loyal employee. Appreciate her work ethic. #TeamMcGraw

#StayHumbleandKind

From last year's show at the Great Jones County Fair!  #TeamMcGraw
#stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw

What are your favorite lyrics in "Humble and Kind"?     Watch the video on Vevo here: mcgr.aw/1ZHl764   #TeamMcGraw

#TeamMcGraw
"Humble and Kind" is now available on iTunes here http://mcgr.aw/HumbleAndKindDL

#StayHumbleandKind

#louisiana #TeamMcGraw

To celebrate Tim's birthday, we're offering a 20% off store-wide sale! It's like having two birthdays in one year!   http://bit.ly/McGrawBirthdaySale  #TeamMcGraw
Help us wish Tim a Happy Birthday!  #TeamMcGraw
Great times!  #TeamMcGraw

True friendship. #StayHumbleandKind #TeamMcGraw

Hope everyone has a great weekend!  #TeamMcGraw

Throwback to St. Louis in 2014!  #TeamMcGraw
McGraw Mother's Day Collection! http://goo.gl/1C3VUH
#payitforwardday #believeinkindness #StayHumbleandKind http://pifdayusa.com/
Last year, I worked with Merck and the American Diabetes Association to encourage people to join America's Diabetes Challenge and pledge to work with their doctor to set and reach their A1C goal. This year, we're doing things a little differently. Watch this video to find out more. #AmericasDiabetesChallenge #TeamMcGraw

Who's having a good week so far?  #TeamMcGraw
You never know where your next friend might come from.  #TeamMcGraw


From the Sundown Heaven Town tour stop in Bangor!  #TeamMcGraw
Tyler Ward, Diamond White and Kurt Schneider #StayHumbleandKind  #TeamMcGraw

It is a great honor for me to be an ambassador for the Invictus Games, the world's only International sporting event for wounded military personnel. Please join me in supporting our US team and also the competitors from around the world who will be coming to Orlando to show what courage is all about.
"Humble and Kind" is now available on iTunes here http://mcgr.aw/HumbleAndKindDL

#StayHumbleandKind store.timmcgraw.com
Here's a photo from a show at St. Johns back in 2014!  #TeamMcGraw
Looks like a successful day for Daddy and daughter. #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind

Who's having a great weekend so far?  Photo by  G.J.   #TeamMcGraw
Quick work by this farmer. No telling how much land he saved. #TeamMcGraw

With Jimmy Kimmel!
Any movie fans out there looking for a good vacation spot? #TeamMcGraw

NEW McGraw Mother's Day Collection! http://bit.ly/mothersdaycollection
Flashback to Tampa for the Sundown Heaven Town tour!  #TeamMcGraw
Happy Birthday Glen Campbell. You are a master. #HappyBDayGlen Glen Campbell (Official)
You can get #DamnCountryMusic for $6.99 now on iTunes #TeamMcGraw

Getting in exercise whenever possible!  #TeamMcGraw
Nice work kid. #TeamMcGraw

Hope everyone is having a great week so far!  #TeamMcGraw
This Mother's Day, say thank you with a gift from the NEW McGraw Mother's Day Collection! Free shipping on all domestic orders over $50. http://bit.ly/mothersdaycollection
What's your State's food? #TeamMcGraw

Throwback to 2014 Philly!  #TeamMcGraw
Jammin wit da boys at the beach ...... Adam smokin it...

This young entrepreneur is an inspiration. #TeamMcGraw
This photo goes back a show at the Fiddler's Green Amphitheater!  #TeamMcGraw
Good luck to all who are running today. #BostonMarathon
This guy manages to make exercise art.

Here's a photo from the Amex Unstaged event back in 2014!  #TeamMcGraw
Well done, Aggies. #TeamMcGraw
#ShotgunRider #Tortuga #TeamMcGraw

This goes back to the Route 91 Harvest Festival!  #TeamMcGraw
Timing is really important. #TeamMcGraw


"Humble and Kind" is now available on iTunes here http://mcgr.aw/HumbleAndKindDL
What a great catch!  #TeamMcGraw

Donate During the Night and Early Morning of 28 Hours of Hope for the Children Who Are Struggling Now.
Nice work kid. #TeamMcGraw

Throwback to Charlotte for the Sundown Heaven Town tour!  #TeamMcGraw
Well done dads. #TeamMcGraw

#StayHumbleandKind
Hope everyone is enjoying their week!  #TeamMcGraw
This guy is incredible. I hope his daughter saved them all. #TeamMcGraw

Hey Fans! Join MCGRAWFAN today and enter for your chance to win 2 tickets to see Tim McGraw this Saturday at Tortuga Music Festival plus, the chance to meet Tim!!  http://bit.ly/MCGRAWFAN  #TeamMcGraw
Thank you always!  #TeamMcGraw
What should I pack for Tortuga Music Festival this weekend?
Who do you think of when you see this video?  Tag them to let them know.  #TeamMcGraw
Congrats Tim!  #TeamMcGraw
The guy in red may be one of the more unique talents we have seen. Check out his "guitar solo" starting at about 4:30 into the video. #TeamMcGraw

#StayHumbleandKind
Who's coming out to a show this year?  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind store.timmcgraw.com
Wow. #TeamMcGraw
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!  #TeamMcGraw
This goes back to a show at the Fiddler's Green Amphitheater!  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
Talent from around the world. Which is your favorite? #TeamMcGraw
R.I.P. War chief, veteran, historian, author, educator and American hero:  Joseph Medicine Crow 1914 - 2016.
Here's a nice shot from a show a while back!  #TeamMcGraw
Happy Birthday to my sister Sandy and my nephew Timothy!
Much respect for this coach. #TeamMcGraw

Merle Haggard. The man, the songs, the voice, the attitude - Iconic.
#Stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw

With Lionel Richie!  #TeamMcGraw
Fist up Heart open Fight on  https://www.gofundme.com/bennbanks


This was fun. See if you can figure it out. #TeamMcGraw

and she's out


Ready #ACMs? #StayHumbleandKind
#ACMs with Faith Hill
#ACMs
#ACMs

#ACMs
On our way #ACMs
#ACMs
Coffee time. Thanx #TeamMcGraw #ACMs
Look who sent over a #HumbleandKindACMs picture.  Thanx Reese Witherspoon

Warming up. #ACMs
Who's ready for the weekend!  #TeamMcGraw
A good friend sent me this for #HumbleandKindAcms
This young man will be a great man like his father was. Touching Tribute. #TeamMcGraw

#StayHumbleandKind
On stage for the iHeartRadio Album Release Party a while back.  Photo by Kevin Winter.  #TeamMcGraw

This photo was taken at the "AMC Presents: An All Star Salute To The Troops" event.  Photo by Ethan Miller.  #TeamMcGraw
Heading to Las Vegas for the #ACMs this weekend? Uber is staying Humble and Kind.
Inspiring stuff here. #TeamMcGraw
Performing at the Toyota Concert Series for the "Today" show in 2014.  Photo by Shutterstock.  #TeamMcGraw
This is the kind of love people can write songs about. #TeamMcGraw
On the red carpet for the 48th Annual CMA Awards in Nashville.  Photo by Larry Busacca.  #TeamMcGraw
Anybody looking for a fun date night? #TeamMcGraw
With Sandra Bullock and Quinton Aaron at the premiere for "The Blindside".  Photo by Stephen Lovekin.  #TeamMcGraw

Photo taken at the Country Radio Seminar earlier this year by Rick Diamond.  #TeamMcGraw
This is one of the more unique voice talents we have ever heard. She can hit two notes at the same time. #TeamMcGraw
Performing at the 2009 NFL Opening Kickoff.  Photo by Jeff Swenson.  #TeamMcGraw

Taken at the 43rd Annual CMA Awards Show.  Photo by Rick Diamond.  #TeamMcGraw
82 years of marriage! Sounds like some of the word's to "It's Your Love" still apply. #TeamMcGraw
Keep them coming in.  Reply with a photo of yourself holding a sign that says a word or phrase that shows what "Humble and Kind" means to you. Use the Hashtag #HumbleandKindACMs in your comment for a chance that your photo will be used in Tim's #ACMs performance.  Official rules: http://www.cbs.com/shows/academy_of_country_music/tim-mcgraw/
Singing Glen Campbell's "I'm Not Gonna Miss You" at the 87th Annual Academy Awards Show.  Photo by Kevin Winter.  #TeamMcGraw
Love this, Great job Kurt Schneider, Diamond White, and Tyler Ward.
More spring break reading #KatySimpsonSmith #FreeMen
Pre-order now http://amzn.to/1R5WYSV #TeamMcgraw

Love what this dad is doing for his son. #TeamMcGraw
Cool to see this thing coming together
Photo taken from last year's tour stop at the Darien Lake Performing Arts Center.  Photo by Harry Scull Jr.  #TeamMcGraw
Morning fishing trip....50lb wahoo!!!!!
Photo from the Shotgun Rider tour stop in Bonner Springs.  Photo by Allison Long.  #TeamMcGraw
With "Good Morning, America" co-host, Lara Spencer last year.  Photo by Terry Wyatt.  #TeamMcGraw
#Springbreak reading this year #RobertHarris #Dictator
Here's a photo from the Two Lanes of Freedom tour at Fiddler's Green Amphitheater.  Photo by Seth McConnell.  #TeamMcGraw
This photo was taken at Nascar's Sprint Cup Series earlier last year.  Photo by Sarah Crabill.  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
This girl isn't letting anything stop her. You shouldn't either. #TeamMcGraw
We want to hear your #StayHumbleandKind Stories.  Call 218-248-6253 and leave a short message about an experience you've had.  #TeamMcGraw
Congrats to my friends Bobby Bones and the Raging Idiots on their new album!   http://smarturl.it/hyxtyq

Got some good ones coming in.  Reply with a photo of yourself holding a sign that says a word or phrase that shows what "Humble and Kind" means to you. Use the Hashtag #HumbleandKindACMs in your comment for a chance that your photo will be used in Tim's #ACMs performance.  Official rules: http://www.cbs.com/shows/academy_of_country_music/tim-mcgraw/
#StPatricksDay  http://mcgr.aw/tug-st-patricks-day
80's madness !!
Here's my picks for #MarchMadness.
Been working on this and excited to share another really cool way to spread the message of "Humble and Kind" #StayHumbleofKind
Will we see you at Boots and Hearts 2016 this year?   #bootsandhearts #BH5    Get tickets here: http://mcgr.aw/1UzjckL  #TeamMcGraw
Poor kid is so confused. But really cute. #TeamMcGraw
Thanks American Red Cross for being here before, during, after disasters to help my friends and neighbors. #lovelouisiana    Give today
Join me in supporting our wounded, ill and injured servicemen and women competing at the 2016 Invictus Games in Orlando. Witness their determination in person this May:   http://invictusgames2016.org/tickets/
Rock your Irish, McGraw style, w/ our NEW McGraw's Pub Collection http://goo.gl/I64qs6
Not only do they serve in the military but they can really sing as well. #TeamMcGraw
Reply with a photo of yourself holding a sign that says a word or phrase that shows what "Humble and Kind" means to you. Use the Hashtag #HumbleandKindACMs in your comment for a chance that your photo will be used in Tim's #ACMs performance. Official rules:   http://www.cbs.com/shows/academy_of_country_music/tim-mcgraw/

If you had to choose one of these which one would it be? #TeamMcGraw
Reply with a photo of yourself holding a sign that says a word or phrase that shows what "Humble and Kind" means to you. Use the Hashtag #HumbleandKindACMs in your comment for a chance that your photo will be used in Tim's #ACMs performance.   Official rules: http://www.cbs.com/shows/academy_of_country_music/tim-mcgraw/
#NationalNappingDay

Answering some questions at a Q & A session for Sirius XM's Town Hall.  Photo by Robin Marchand.  #TeamMcGraw
On stage for "Pandora Presents: Tim McGraw" in New York City last year.  Photo by Larry Busacca.  #TeamMcGraw

Can't stop thinking about my friends at home in Louisiana and beyond affected by the floods. #LoveLouisiana

#StayHumbleandKind
Photo taken at the Two Lanes of Freedom tour stop in Stateline, Nevada by Tim Mosenfelder.  #TeamMcGraw
Thoughts & prayers with those back home and beyond dealing with the floods.  Stay safe.
Happy birthday to my momma!(me maw) We love you
Performing at the 2014 CMA Festival.  Photo by C. Flanigan.  #TeamMcGraw

This was taken a while back at The Venetian Las Vegas.  Photo by Jeff Bottari.  #TeamMcGraw

Well done. #TeamMcGraw

Hey Bobby Bones Show Had a great time! Thanx for havin me on Owe y'all some margaritas!
http://goo.gl/HH5TQh
With RJ Curtis (All Access) at the Country Radio Seminar earlier last month.  Photo by Rick Diamond.  #TeamMcGraw
Hey Peyton Class man.... Thank you  #PeytonManningRetirement
Are you living with type 2 diabetes, or do you know someone who is? Learn about America's Diabetes Challenge today on www.AmericasDiabetesChallenge.com

Performing at the NCAA March Madness Music Festival back in 2014.  Photo by Michael Loccisano.  #TeamMcGraw
Evidently the Disney Magic works on dogs too. #TeamMcGraw
Photo taken at the 2013 Delta Country Jam by Rick Diamond.  #TeamMcGraw
#FlashbackFriday Attending the CMT Artists of the Year as a Honoree.  Photo by Rick Diamond.  #TeamMcGraw
These places all sound like the setting of an old-school country song. #TeamMcGraw
Rock your Irish, McGraw style, all year long with our NEW McGraw's Pub Collection. #TeamMcGraw  http://store.timmcgraw.com/
Performing with Keith Urban and Taylor Swift for the 2013 ACM - Academy of Country Music Awards.  Photo by Ethan Miller.  #TeamMcGraw

On the red carpet earlier last year for the #Oscars.  Photo by Steve Granitz.  #TeamMcGraw
#WednesdayWisdom #StayHumbleandKind
This guy is an inspiration. #stayhumbleandkind #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind http://mcgr.aw/1L5UdE9
Welcome home NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly!!! A Fantastic achievement for the rest of us & our kids to cheer & strive to push our boundaries #YearInSpace
Performing at the 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival.  Photo by Getty Images.  #TeamMcGraw
#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind http://mcgr.aw/21Dx0Ne
photo by Audrey
Pancakes and PJ's for the #Oscars tonight!! Who's seen all nom films? Which is your pick?
#TBT
#StayHumbleandKind
#StayHumbleandKind
"That's not gonna be a good idea."
We couldn't hold Macklemore and Ryan Lewis back during the Citibank US Concert Series — and we wouldn't want to!
Watch the pair sing what seems to be every pop song about love ever!
Bad news for kids (and the rest of us) who hate needles.
Macklemore and Ryan Lewis brought the party to the plaza this morning!  Photo: Nathan Congleton
Congratulations, Katherine Heigl and Josh Kelley!
It's safe to say Ben Affleck is a very passionate New England Patriots fan.
Da na na na na na na na… Batman premiered 27 years ago today!
Preach, Blake Lively!
Raise your hand if this has happened to you!
If you were caught in a flash flood in your car, would you know what to do?
What he says isn't always what he means.
Finally, an answer to the question: "Do these look good on me?"
Impress your guests with these easy bites
We're just going to ignore the fact that Kylie Jenner is only 18.
Yes, there IS a right way!
See her sweet story!
*Slathers on burger*
To have and to hold, in snakebites and in health!
"The Real Housewives of New York City" star initially thought she was just exhausted.
"Babies are just like little mirrors of you."
Sugar is in everything – not just ice cream.
They are avoidable!
These schoolboys just taught a big lesson in kindness.
Cleanup is now a breeze!
Big news for fans of The Bachelor!
These are CLASSIC!
"I immediately felt horrible about a situation where I assumed I was standing up for someone."
WATCH: A rattlesnake bit this groom during the couple's wedding shoot, but they're still in 'good spirits!' http://on.today.com/28QyqDx
"Politicians — take a look. This is your child, your children, your grandchildren, your great grand children and future generations to come."
Talk about relationship goals.
Which do you see?
"Mommy, can you sing to me?"
Netflix and chill?
WATCH: These schoolboys taught a big lesson in kindness! http://on.today.com/28UI7gl
"As long as you do what you love doing, and not worrying too much about money, it will come, because people will see that you love what you're doing. Whatever your dream is ... just do it."
Gooey melted cheese dip? Yes, please!
"It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning is winning."  The Fast & Furious franchise raced into theaters 15 years ago, and has been going strong ever since!
If you type on a keyboard, you'll want to read this.
"I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way."   Who Framed Roger Rabbit premiered 28 years ago today!
"The world met me as a young girl. But after I had my little girl, I knew that I needed to take time away."
WATCH: It's all fun and games until someone gets stuck in a giant Barney head. http://on.today.com/28MlH0O
More than 10,000 people in the U.S. will die of melanoma this year.
Jennifer Lopez talking about her dad has us tearing up.
"Once we got the door open, he came running out so fast."
Goose bumps!
Saturday Night Live cast member Bobby Moynihan had us cracking up this morning!
"We tried to be professional, and she was a little distraught, but we had to giggle about it."
This teen's Donald J. Trump impersonation might be better than Jimmy Fallon's!
Happy 67th birthday to the woman who proves age is just a number, Meryl Streep!
We love seeing these White House 'staffers' together again!
The political front-runner in baby names is ….
"I take this very seriously, and I apologize to all of the passengers and crew that I disturbed."
Forget "man's best friend." This one's more like "man's absolute best-est friend forever and ever."
Happy 43rd birthday to our very own Carson Daly!
The best treatment might be to just accept it!
'Tis the season for zucchini fries!
Where does your state rank?
Stop the struggle!
We tried this supermodel-favorite trick for ourselves.
WATCH: Try this quick trick to prep kale, and you'll have a salad in less than 5 minutes! Get the recipe here:  http://on.today.com/28NdBap
: It's called a "traffic light" approach and it works better than calorie counts on menus, a study shows.
Would you drink this blue wine?
We heard Meghan Trainor on the plaza this morning, now enjoy this brilliant mom parody of "No" – for all the moms taking a stand out there!
Restrooms marked "family" or "companion" are usually the most useful to someone with a disability, but they still are difficult to use because of high demand from non-disabled users.
That refrigerator may be one of the biggest we've seen.
Will Kelly Clarkson be our best friend?
"I want to raise a beautiful daughter who believes in herself and doesn't feel the need to drag women down to build herself up. We should stick with each other and be sisters."
Who wore it best?
Queen Elizabeth, social media maven?
"They are unwelcome."
WATCH: This salon can make your cat look like a dinosaur! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
We wouldn't want to be that pool noodle.
WATCH: Worst. Houseguest. Ever.
WATCH: This man's tribute to his terminally ill dog has us tearing up. http://on.today.com/28M1ufE
WATCH: Use this trick to easily apply sunscreen on your own back. http://on.today.com/1rsM1nY
If Joanna Gaines says it needs to get done, it needs to get done!
One bonus of this home: "Cleaning the whole house only takes about 20 minutes!"
Giada De Laurentiis makes the best risotto!
You know what's even better than going where everybody knows your name?   Going back in time!
"She'd wake up, one or two o'clock, 'I want a snack.' Well I'm not going to sit here and watch you eat because I don't want you to feel bad."
"I know there is a certain silence about miscarriages and pregnancy losses, but I am not ashamed that this happened to me.
WATCH: This 2-year-old pup's no fool. http://on.today.com/28IGm9e
The Modern Family star was inspired by Debra Messing!
Selena Gomez ditched the carpool lane with James Corden!
Happy 37th birthday to the hunky and hilarious Chris Pratt!
It may only be Tuesday, but Meghan Trainor rocked the plaza for the Citibank US Concert Series this morning!
WATCH: When none of Daniel's classmates came to his birthday party, the police came to the rescue. http://on.today.com/28Jkvuc
Today is going to rock. Do you know why? Because it started with Meghan Trainor on the plaza!
"These letters give you a little bit of faith, a little bit of hope and a little bit of strength."
"Why are you doing that to yourself?"
In an exclusive sitdown, Charlie Sheen said he regretted neglecting his children and "ruining Two and a Half Men."
Witnesses said the actress was sipping wine in first class when she started crying and talking about someone abusing her.
There is a new hope for people with Alzheimer's — and those at risk.
Charlie Sheen spoke with Matt Lauer this morning for the first time since revealing his HIV diagnosis last year.
Gwen Stefani knows how to celebrate!
Happy 34th birthday, Prince William!
"I have a lot of cash...but it would be nice to have some help from the party," Donald J. Trump told Matt Lauer and Savannah.
If Facebook makes you feel like crap, it's time to make a few changes.
We're not ashamed that we still love boxed mac and cheese!
"All I knew is that I wanted to look more like Kelly Taylor from '@90210,' and less like 'Felicity.'"
Save your sanity!
"If my body is too big, too tall, takes up too much space for H&M's clothes, then it's them who need to change, not me."
"His face just lit up. It was all the holidays rolled up into one. I've never seen him happier."
Kelly Clarkson's mini-concert took place right in her own house!
"Hearing the ultrasound tech say 'I'm sorry, but Twin B has no heartbeat' shattered my entire existence."
This little one loves to get dirty!
We're kicking off the first day of summer with this great quote from country singer Kenny Chesney! #MindfulMondays
Melissa Rivers, mom to 15-year-old Cooper, learned a thing or two from the legendary comedian.
Brenda McCool's funeral was scheduled for today; the Orlando Pulse shooting victim died as she lived; loving and supporting her kids.
"It's heartbreaking ... He had blisters all over the right side."
Holy house!
WATCH: This single dad's reaction to his basement makeover made us all weepy. http://on.today.com/28L8cj3
See Rory's loving Father's Day loving shoutout to his wife, who died in April.
On #WorldRefugeeDay, see how American moms are making a difference for kids.
WATCH: This 5-year-old has the skills of a pro hairstylist. See her sweet story: http://on.today.com/1WRSRRy
41 years later, and we still need a bigger boat! Jaws was released on this day in 1975.
Apparently you can teach old dogs new tricks!
What a sweet momma!
"Everything I do is for my parents and my family. The cars are nice, the houses is nice but none of this matters without them."
WATCH: It doesn't get cuter than this! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
The toy's catchphrases are perfect!
We're melting over Chrissy's Father's Day message to John Legend!
Welcome to the party, Luke Bryan!
It was the perfect ending to LeBron James' Father's Day!
Love Chinese food but hate the loaded calories? Joy Bauer is here to help!
Good morning, Blake Lively!
Wine for cats is real and it's spec-cat-ular!
Natalie Morales is taking the Cheerios challenge this morning!
*Runs to the beach*
Looking for a change?
Celebs, they're just like us... posting throwback Father's Day pics!
You might want to find a new place to stash your hair ties.
"She does what she does and I'm the proudest dad in the world."
Do it: Make the first move.
Co-stars including Chris Evans, Zachary Quinto and John Cho shared their heartbreak on social media.
Grocery shopping made *so* much easier, thanks to Joy Bauer.
P!nk's shower is everything we want out of a shower.
*Tears*
And the most popular baby names of 2016 (so far) are...
Talk about a father-son duo (and a perfect Father's Day throwback)!
Because dad's car IS "so much cooler." on.today.com/1PyKD9t
The best way to avoid Zika is to prevent bug bites.
How many have you visited?
Dads aren't babysitters. They're parents. on.today.com/2367mBf
Our dream home is on the market!
Happy 38th birthday to the stunning Zoe Saldana!
Put the phone down!
Father's Day is a wonderful time to reflect on the lessons our dad taught us. What did you learn from your dad? on.today.com/1UguHQt
Read this before your Starbucks run.
"Know that if your son or daughter ever needs help, they need their father's guidance and support just as much as they need their mother's."
Many gay couples adopt from the foster care system, helping hard-to-place kids find permanent homes.
WATCH: We're still not over this clip of Queen Elizabeth giving Prince William a bit of a royal scolding. Because granny's always right, especially when she's the queen! on.today.com/1V7B5Ub
"I'll get to see my son learn how to treat a woman with love and respect and admiration and, eventually, I'll get to see him tell a very lucky girl that it was his father who taught him how to treat women."
Willie Geist is live! What questions do you have about his interview with Bill Simmons or #SundayTODAY?
Wishing all the dads out there a very happy Father's Day!
Start adding these to your wish lists!
"For all those years, he wouldn't hold my hand, he wouldn't hug me — it was all part of the autism — but this dog has taught him how to give and show affection."
You had us at "eat more."
See, that was pretty painless.
The life lessons from "Finding Nemo" are worth remembering — even if Dory can't.
Well played, Gwen Stefani!
Near, far, wherever you are... you can bring Celine Dion home!
It's like popping bubble wrap … on your face.
"She was trying to remember and connect with him in a way that only a little girl can."
"It doesn't even look like my room!"
Now all we need is someone to cook this for us.
The first Father's Day is always special. Try these ideas to start some sweet traditions!
We have tears.
A registered dietitian weighs in on the age-old debate.
WATCH: Here's how often you should clean your Keurig — and the right way to do it! on.today.com/24WgSGw
Breakfast is the way to Dad's heart!
Heading outdoors this weekend? Maybe you should grab this perfume.
Happy early Father's Day to this guy!
"Being a father was something I always wanted for as long as I could remember."   By NBC News Brand Studio and JOHNSON'S baby.
"Marc and I are overwhelmed with gratitude and love," Chelsea Clinton wrote.
We're glad God gave us you, Blake Shelton! Happy 40th birthday!
"A little cellulite never hurt nobody."
"There are plenty of tough-guy examples out there, but one thing our little dude has taught me is that tenderness is actually strength."
"When the gunman came, her arms were open to him. Her arms were open all the time. That's how she treated everyone she knew."
It's not too late! You can make one of these sweet, easy DIY gifts for dad today.
"I got married and thought my heart was full, but then I had Jackson and realized there's WAY more room for love."
"I think about him every day... I still cry. I miss him. He was my soul mate."
Happy 74th birthday to the legend, Sir Paul McCartney
Hey guys, Craig Melvin is here! Do you have any questions for him? Ask away...
Party time!
Just like Meat Loaf, we all need to drink more water
Give dad a break and man the grill at a relaxing Father's Day cookout!
You should NOT treat a jellyfish sting with urine.
The first Father's Day is always special. Try these ideas to start some sweet traditions!
"We have family days on set. That's something that Tina started back at '30 Rock.'"
"Like father, like daughter."
"Love is texting that you're at the store, what do we need. And waiting while I send you an enormous list of must-haves, including wine, wipes, milk, bananas, and eggs, and a million other things."
"Yoga allowed me to experience my body in a whole new way."
"I hope he would be proud of me, but I also know he had a very tough work ethic. I think he'd pat me on the shoulder and say, 'You got a really nice start sweetie, keep going.'"
"They are actually very interested in being musicians."
"This memory was, for many years, the only proof I had that despite him leaving, despite his fundamental disinterest in me as I grew up, my dad did love me at one time."
WATCH: "Creature from the Black Lagoon?" Nope, just a face mask. Learn more! http://on.today.com/1OuEBLS
WATCH: Savannah and Dylan talk pregnancy cravings and see Al Roker get caught on the kiss cam! Check out this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
WATCH: See this 10-year-old cancer patient's jaw-dropping reaction to her room makeover. http://on.today.com/1OuGcS1
Meet the oldest Olympic relay runner ever!
Calling all dads! Are you up to the challenge?
Walking on water isn't just for religious deities anymore.
So doggone sweet!
Get your tissues ready...
Someone shouted "Does anyone know CPR?" The bride did.
"I didn't know how much love my heart could hold." Carson Daly, Willie Geist and TODAY Parenting Team contributors talk about how becoming a father changed their life. Reminder: Father's Day is Sunday! Watch more here: http://on.today.com/1UAwqhT  (The TODAY Parenting Team's "Life Changes" challenge was created with our sponsor JOHNSON'S baby. #LittleWonders)
WATCH: Comfort dogs fly to Orlando to help victims, family members heal http://on.today.com/23gyTA7
This family is off to a pawsitively adorable start!
We hope you celebrate accordingly!
Oh, Diane Keaton, never change!
"Your kid's life is in your hands. The consequences probably won't show up for another 30 or 40 years, but make no mistake, if we don't raise our kids well, they will suffer."
"In his death, a part of you dies and goes with him. Wherever he goes, you also go. He will not be alone."
Joanna Gaines revealed the (furry) new family members on Thursday!
Get this right!
"Even with their hands bandaged and tubes in, they just wanted to pet the dogs."
WATCH: Pope Francis met a purr-fect guest this week! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
On a hot day, your instinct to jump into a cold body of water is more dangerous than you know.
Finally some good news this week!
Charlie Puth's performance during the Citibank US Concert Series is one to remember. #CharliePuthTODAY
WATCH: Willie Geist and Carson Daly had the sweetest things to say about fatherhood this morning! http://on.today.com/1iksL1o
This girl is on fire — about camera phones at her shows.
Jim Gaffigan live from the #OrangeRoom!
"Bullying is bullying, wherever it happens."
Did you hear?! You can now watch TODAY anytime, anywhere on NBC.com! http://on.today.com/1Qbo9kv
Watch Meat Loaf's scary fall during his concert Thursday.
Charlie Puth is kicking off our weekend on the plaza this morning! #CharliePuthTODAY
Not sure how to eat carbs and still lose weight? Desperate to organize your life once and for all? Trying to shed the baby pounds?   Joy Bauer, Jill Martin and Jenna Bush Hager are here to help in a live chat! Ask your nutrition, organizing and fitness questions in the comment section below — they may answer yours!
Jimmy Fallon and Dwayne The Rock Johnson had a prom night to remember Thursday!
On this day 22 years ago, O.J. Simpson led police on a chase across Los Angeles in that infamous white Bronco. Where did you watch?    (Photo: Getty Images)
There are body changes, aches and pains that often get overlooked.
Funnel cake ice cream sandwiches and more fun ideas for dad's big day
Pinky up! 54 surprising ways to use tea
Guilt-free chips, crackers and more delicious snacks
Bethenny Frankel opens up about her new man.
Why thinking about "Free Willie," lice and big noses can help you never forget a name.
Check out 9 awesome Father's Day desserts he's going to love!
"Grandma Yetta, I love you!"
Ooey, gooey and oh-so easy.
"A woman's career spans 40 to 50 years. They only take a few years out and shouldn't be penalized."
It's not every day a young dance student gets to perform with a ballet star.
Eddie Murphy lived here, too!
She looked in the mirror and didn't realize she was staring at herself!
Even the judge dressed up – as Snow White!
This baby is all of us at mealtime.
Um can we move in?
"I felt her presence the way I do most days since she's been gone."
"I am moved to tears yet again as I struggle to put our experience into words. People ARE kind. People DO care."
"I don't remember a standing ovation that was immediate. Usually, if there's a good speech, you get a slow rise. But the excitement from this crowd was tangible."
"In spite of this senseless act, I have no doubt that the love and friendship of your city will remain strong."
Who needs a fountain of youth when 60 looks this good?
Is this the cutest call of the wild ever?
WATCH: 200 strangers attend the funeral of a WWII homeless vet with no family  http://on.today.com/1S7bSrg
*Actually* she was a Lt. Commander!
What he said to a breastfeeding mom was disgusting, but the way Target workers and bystanders responded was awesome.
WATCH: This girl got a fairy-tale ending on her adoption day! http://on.today.com/1UeYIjG
What Lane Graves' family needs now is compassion, not judgment.
See him transform into everyone from Frozen's Elsa to Cinderella and Snow White!
All the '90s kids should recognize this image!
If you've ever wanted to take a look around TODAY's historic Studio 1A, now's your chance — and you don't even need to book tickets to NYC.
WATCH: Bless this socially awkward dog. on.today.com/265a6km
Helen Mirren feels the need for speed!
"It's a real relationship," Amy Schumer said.
Thirty-eight years later, we're still hopelessly devoted to Grease!
Carson and Siri, we're coming over for dinner!!
*yawn*
"She's in England and Scotland and Mexico and Wyoming and California... She is places nobody would expect her to be."
"(Disney's) had hundreds of millions of visitors. They've never had this problem before."
Pool parties are ruff, and this dog gets it.
Congratulations, Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis!
"God put me at this place, this moment in time for a reason."
"God put me at this place, this moment in time for a reason."
You can enjoy your grande latte with skim. Just don't ask for it extra hot.
"Ladies, learn from my mistake."
Avoid common mistakes that will destroy your pan!
*Books reservation*
"It was a final act of respect for her. I didn't know her, but I care about her and her service."
Blake Lively shared her secret to maintaining a happy marriage.
Yes, becoming a parent is magical and beautiful and amazing. No, it won't always feel that way. Sometimes it will feel scary and sad and really, really hard. And that's OK.
The most common interest listed on resumes by those in New Hampshire? Bigfoot.
"This is my dad song, beer makes me glad song, my ugly plaid song…"
Kim Kardashian West has pulled off another first!
"I want you to stay little forever, okay?"
She spent how much to have the same look as Princess Kate?
"A lot of these children have never left the hospital, so their family has never seen them without tape on their face and without tubes all over."
For breakfast, lunch and dinner, Kim Kardashian West eats meals peppered with just the right amount of peculiar ingredients to keep us feeling alienated.
"Tonight we remember someone that created a type of magic that we can never replace."
"In an age when care for one's body has become an obsession and a big business, anything that is imperfect has to be hidden away, since it threatens the happiness and serenity of the privileged few and endangers the dominant model."
*Slow clap*
The dog was soaking wet as the man pulled him to safety on a day when temperatures were more than 90 degrees.
"Our ultimate goal is to try to bring some closure to the family by recovering their loved one."
Nice work, guys!
Here are The Biggest Loser trainer's best tips!
This gives us goose bumps!
The "Friends" star got off to a strong start — but James Corden was hot on his heels!
Need some laughs to get over the mid-week hump? Look no further.
We're listening…
"It has been now about 15 hours since the child was taken into the water, so we know that we are working on recovering the body of the child at this point."
Everyone's "Friend" turns 54 today! Happy birthday, Courteney Cox!
Splish splash!
For people who have tried everything to lose weight and failed, a new device may be a solution.
The internet's favorite 'hot felon' is back!
When ABBA plays, everyone wins.
Adam Levine didn't have a problem captioning this pic.
Trying to lose weight this summer? Here's what Bob Harper wants you to do. http://on.today.com/24R2kYO
"It's just a tragic, tragic situation."
"Theoretically the stuff is still edible but we wouldn't say it's advisable."
Most charming Google search ever?
We're so happy to have Jay Leno here — and he seems pretty happy about it too!
WATCH: The New York Mets caught Al Roker on the kiss cam last night! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
Relationship goals.
Jay Leno made some new friends on our plaza this morning!
Our leading story this morning.
Happy 43rd birthday, Neil Patrick Harris! You'll always be teenager doc Doogie Howser to us. http://on.today.com/1OoIKB4
"We allowed ourselves to have a moment of 'poor us.' And that was it. Then somebody cried, and it was 'Got to go!'"
WATCH: This 9-year-old swam through San Francisco Bay to Alcatraz — and back! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
Skip the tie and give dad what he REALLY wants.
Get out your toolbox to get an insight to your health!
Thousands of pharmacists pick their top drug store brands.
How to make homemade gnocchi, the easy way
Harvard scientists looked at 14 long-term studies and the findings were clear.
This elephant found the right people at the right time!
The stress response was made for sudden moments, like when we needed to run away from a bear or a saber tooth tiger. But if your stress feels constant and chronic, these expert strategies can help.
Fact or fiction: Sleeping with your hair down will make it grow faster.
"A talented young woman with so much ahead of her."
Should female chefs have their own awards?
"Unless you are Jolie's doctor, her father, or her mom, do NOT tell me how to raise my child, or how to feed her."
Vote for your favorite!
Congratulations, Tess Holliday!
"I like to say I don't care what people say about me, but that's not true."
Dads are our everyday heroes – so show him you care this holiday.
WHAT?!
Stay-at-home moms, what's the most surprising thing you do? Tarantula care, anyone?
You — yes, you — can keep a plant alive.
We can't stop watching this mesmerizing video!
What's the magic number?
It's getting to be crunch time! Check out these 8 easy Father's Day gifts your kids can make before Sunday.
"We had no idea the all-consuming nightmare we narrowly escaped inside."
WATCH: An emotional Lady Gaga delivered a passionate tribute to the Orlando victims.
One travel site wants us to know we're all a lot more connected than we think we are.
The good news is, dads feel respected by moms. The bad news is, the rest of society totally doesn't get what they do.
"I don't sweat the small stuff anymore. Snotty noses, disastrous house, laundry as tall as the ceiling? Beth would give anything for that right now, and I have that."
Our dream home!!
"Whether you're a single mom or a single dad, you are doing it all — all the parenting nitty-gritty from toilets to toenails, concerts to coaching, homework to health forms."
"This is an attack on everyone."
WATCH: An NBC anchor 'apologizes' to dog he found crying in a hot car. http://on.today.com/1Ui4z4E
River Rose is just the cutest, Kelly Clarkson!
WATCH: This little piggy...went to the beach?? http://on.today.com/1Ub1LsY
Have an amazing dad? Tell us what makes him special!  TODAY with our sponsor Smucker's may celebrate him Thursday in the Orange Room. http://on.today.com/1Pj6WBw
"It's a lot of visibility in a time where its unsafe to be visible."
"I guess certain things happen for a reason."
WATCH: "49 good people and 1 bad guy," Jimmy Fallon said. "There will always be more good than evil."  http://on.today.com/1UxDOGx
He's scared of something a fraction of his size!
Need a smile? James Corden and the Red Hot Chili Peppers will give you one.
Carrie Underwood is sharing her fitness secrets!
The royals have a special place in their heart for the city of Orlando.
"I just kept screaming, 'What?' And finally it sunk in and you can't wrap your brain around that. You just can't."
Jenna Bush Hager summarized so many mothers' thoughts perfectly.
That's right!
WATCH: Las Vegas' 24-story Monaco Tower crumbled in a controlled implosion this morning. http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
There weren't a lot of laughs on Monday late-night shows, but these hosts had important messages to share.
"If I had known that my son was in the club laying on the floor, I would have gone in myself with no equipment and brought him on my back."
What a touching offer, Adam Levine.
On this Flag Day, a lone American flag flies at half-staff on Rockefeller Plaza.
"It was 90 degrees out, sweltering, and your dog was crying loudly – loud enough that I could hear it across the parking lot."
The Eiffel Tower lit up in the colors of the rainbow flag to pay a tribute for victims of the Orlando shooting.   Photo: Chesnot/Getty Images
Love your Keurig? Then show it some TLC!
These eyes are on you!
We're swooning over these gorgeous looks from Broadway's big night.
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
See how George H.W. Bush celebrated his 92nd birthday!
The Modern Family star even posed for a selfie with the pop superstar.
Jenna Bush Hager beautifully summarized what many mothers have been feeling since Sunday.
He's got the perfect wing man!
"Kids are spending too much time behind video games and screens."
Already this year, 12 children have died in hot cars.
"I hope for a better future for my kids as I cannot let them live in fear. I will continue to teach them to be kind and to help those in need."
When Lauren Casper was in the process of adopting, her pregnant friend learned that her own baby would not survive long after birth. http://on.today.com/1UM3QIF
66% of Americans don't know how Zika virus is transmitted other than by mosquitoes, a survey finds. Knowing is important because Zika causes numerous birth defects, including microcephaly.
"This is family. We are one, strong band of people."
Meghan Trainor asked concertgoers to sing along as "a shout-out to our girl, Christina."
"I am so, so sorry. I am sorry that our tragedy here in Sandy Hook wasn't enough to save your loved ones."

Want to help? Here's how.
Our hearts are broken for this mom — and all the families who lost loved ones in Sunday morning's shooting.
Gordon Ramsay revealed that he and wife Tana had a "devastating weekend" Monday morning.
"I was lucky my doctors caught it early. But I don't want other women to count on luck. It's important to learn the signs."
WATCH: We can't wait for James to accomplish his goal! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
We're remembering our friend Tim Russert who died eight years ago today.  Photo credit: Getty Images
"There's this grit. There's this determination."
Waldo became the voice of Judy on The Jetsons in 1962
"Ugh, as if!"
Are Zika mosquitoes in your state?
As parents grieve, we also have to think about how to talk to our children about yet another mass shooting.
"I can't stop crying," J.K. Rowling tweeted.
"My heart is absolutely broken. I miss you Christina."
WATCH: This mother's unimaginable reality broke our hearts this morning. http://on.today.com/1sBXYsB
"They are trained to run to things that most people run away from."
Donald J. Trump clarified his remarks on the Orlando shooting.
Flags around the Washington Monument are flying at half-staff Monday morning.   Photo: J. David Ake
Jake Gyllenhaal can sing!
"Please hug your families tonight. And be safe out there." -Orlando Police Chief John Mina http://on.today.com/1XRBTnb
Adele couldn't help but cry as she dedicated her concert to the victims in Orlando.
Christine Leinonen was still awaiting word from her son, Christopher, who was at Pulse nightclub early Sunday.
One acceptance speech honored Orlando in the most beautiful way
"How many more of these mass tragedies do we have to live through?" Hillary Clinton said on TODAY.
WATCH: "Mommy, I love you."   One mom shared the heartbreaking texts her son sent her from inside a bathroom at Pulse nightclub.  http://nbcnews.to/24KlorB
Matt Lauer is live in Orlando this morning.
One World Trade Center lit up in the pride flag colors while the Empire State Building goes dark to pay tribute to the Orlando shooting victims.
"Hate will never win. Together, we have to make sure of that. Tonight's show stands as a symbol and a celebration of that principle," James Corden said.
Officials released the names of six people killed in the Orlando nightclub massacre.
Ellen DeGeneres, Blake Shelton and Michael Phelps were among the countless people who shared messages of support.
Words to remember from President Obama in wake of today's shooting in Orlando.
"Our hearts are heavy for the unimaginable tragedy that happened last night in Orlando."
WATCH: President Obama's full statement on the Orlando shooting.   "In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give into fear or turn against each other." on.today.com/1tknFOi
"He saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry," the father of the Orlando nightclub shooter told NBC News.
The Orlando club shooter has been identified as Omar Mateen. His father tells NBC News: "We are apologizing for the whole incident."
With at least 50 people killed, the Orlando nightclub massacre has become the deadliest shooting in U.S. history.
Here's what we know about the Orlando nightclub shooting: Police say approximately 20 people are dead, at least 42 injured. The FBI says this will be investigated as "a domestic act of terror."
Police say approximately 20 people are dead and at least 42 have been taken to various hospitals after Orlando nightclub shooting.
There's something for everyone!
Your family and friends will love it!
Find out why this photo project is going viral.
If I want to cut salt, do I have to give up bread?
Planning to celebrate a new dad's first Father's Day next weekend? Read these tips for ideas!
Cheers to National Rosé Day!
Here's the right way to clean off your phone! on.today.com/1VLMNZK
The results left one Harry Potter actor 'thrilled'… or did it?
"When he finished, he turned my chair so I could face the mirror, and I burst into tears."
Forget the World Series — the New York Yankees' #HopeWeek is what we call a big win!
Vin Diesel's photo shows how Paul Walker's spirit lives on.
"To have the chance to thank one of the dogs who helped our city when we needed it most was an unforgettable experience."
WATCH: Can a lip stain really last 10 hours?! We tried it out! on.today.com/1UCSqa6
Is it a heat rash or sun poisoning?
"He was a champion of the human spirit."
Caption this pic! We're obsessed with this photo of Duchess Kate and Prince George sharing a laugh on the Buckingham Palace balcony! See more: on.today.com/1XfDHpl  Photo: Karwai Tang / WireImage
Ferris Bueller's Day Off hit theaters 30 years ago today!
Can you believe American Idol premiered 14 years ago today?! We already miss this show!
Looks like Prince George and Princess Charlotte had a blast!
"Her star was shining so bright, which certainly makes this tragedy that much harder this morning."
Join our weekend TODAY anchors for their first Facebook Live Q&A! Comment below with any questions you have for a chance to have them answered live!!
11 awesome ideas to cure that summer boredom. All you have to do is hit the dollar store.
What a perfect mix of old and new!
"I joke that dating is like an unpaid internship. It's the kind of work where you don't know exactly what it's for and what it's leading to. Labor of Love: The Invention of Dating."
We can't get over how cool these are!
Modern dads, where do you fit in? Take our survey and let us know!
WATCH: Is this the tiniest house in the world? http://on.today.com/1rgPTs2
"I will explain to my son what it means to say no and stop, not just in words but in actions."
"It's about teaching kids that they can pursue any dream, regardless of any insecurities they have, or any barriers that they may face. You've just got to keep pushing."
We're not crying… We just have a little dust in our eyes…
There's nothing this girl wouldn't do for her brother, who has a heart condition.
The pair showed off some crooning skills that even Ol' Blue Eyes himself could be proud of.
Someone grab this groom a tissue!
WATCH: Babies! Birthdays! Puppies! There's a lot to celebrate in this week's #SliceOfOrange!
"My story is different from Brock Turner's victim. Different, but not really that different."
"He has, quite simply, been my strength & stay all these years," Queen Elizabeth said of her husband.
Happy birthday to the king of all Wild Things! Still one of our all-time favorites. We love you so, Maurice Sendak!
WATCH: Training every day for four years paid off for Fernando Rodriguez, who took his first steps on his own in front of over 2,000 people. http://on.today.com/25Pj8Fm
WATCH: This dog nailed it when it comes to blowing bubbles. Next step, the doggie paddle?! http://on.today.com/1gZEVA1
I think you're caught, little man.
"It was always a dream of mine to watch my boys on the same field, and that day, my dream came true."
"The best anti-aging cream you could ever possibly invest in is…"  By NBC News Brand Studio and Olay
Ben Affleck and Matt Damon prove their bromance is forever – see the hilarious pics!
WATCH: A girl born without a hand plays music thanks to a 3-D printed prosthesis. http://on.today.com/24FRq87
True or false: You can get burnt through a car window.
Seeing the "after" pics, we're ready to move in!
Judy Garland would have been 94 years old today.
"He gave a commencement speech without saying a word. Every step he took was a sign of his strength."
It's been nine years, but we're still not over The Sopranos' ending.
We're royally shocked!
"It was a really emotional, powerful, spiritual moment."
Come again?
WATCH: Meet the three cutest cubs around! http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
Nick Jonas crushed it on the plaza for the Citibank US Concert Series!
Dylan Dreyer is opening up about the roller coaster of emotions the first few weeks of pregnancy have brought.
Dylan's husband, Brian Fichera, joined the party!  Photo: Nathan Congleton
What's better than a birthday party for mom? Beyoncé tickets for mom.
"I couldn't care less about late-night television."
WATCH: Dylan Dreyer made a big announcement this morning — and we couldn't be more excited! http://on.today.com/1Yeo4xB
Congratulations, Dylan Dreyer!
The TODAY family keeps on growing!   Congratulations Dylan Dreyer and Brian on your baby BOY! #CongratsDylan http://on.today.com/1Yeo4xB
Fun — or inappropriate?
Need help building an emergency savings fund? Trying to eat healthier? Looking for tips to organize...your life?  Jill Martin, Jean Chatzky and Joy Bauer are here to help in a live chat! Ask your financial, nutrition and organizing questions in the comment section below — they may answer yours!
"I don't want to lose the beauty of the kids as they have to grow up and move on from me."
Nick Jonas is warming up the crowd early this morning! #NickJonasTODAY
Here's what those pains could mean — and what to do about it!
This would make mornings so much better.
But what will we lug our dirty laundry in?
3 ingredients are all you need.
Tip #4: Turn that music UP!
4 rules parents can follow to raise kids who understand consent… and it starts when they're still in diapers.
"'Scuse me," 4-year-old Justin said to the barista, whom he could barely see. "I ordered grande."
Wine cellar – or Harry Potter's room?
Watch the reveal that had one husband shrieking with delight!
"I think at first my mom was just in disbelief that it happened. But now we look at it and laugh."
"I'm shaking. I'm sorry my … buddies also have to deal with this. We need to make that as bad as other slurs."
"I'm most excited about the guitar. I think it's a really cool instrument and I want to play that."
WATCH: A mom battling colon cancer gets the ultimate surprise when the New York Yankees show up to clean her house. #HOPEWeek
"The lovely enforcer on her 91st," Jenna Bush Hager wrote.
"It made us feel really important. Some kids got cards about stuff that happened they thought nobody remembered, and it made them really happy."
Survey respondents said the color looked like "death."
Father's Day is just around the corner, folks!  (#SoundtrackofStyle was created with our sponsor JCPenney)
Congratulations, Bristol Palin and Dakota Meyer!
"As a member of this club, I thank my mother for showing me the way. I try to raise strong girls who understand that the luck of their birth holds great responsibility to make change."  Every time you like or share this post, Johnson & Johnson will donate $1 to global family health charities.  (Johnson & Johnson is a sponsor of TODAY.)
WATCH: This mom is walking 6,000 miles of British coastline in her daughter's memory. http://on.today.com/1ZByVAh
His biceps will give you whiplash!
"My teacher told me I was fast at drawing. So I decided to put that to the test."
Carrie Underwood planned to celebrate in a way we can all get behind: a low-key night at home with a glass of wine and "The Bachelorette."
"It was something I could do and it would somehow make life more bearable."
A paper clip is your best friend here!
WATCH: This video made us smile… then it made us tear up! http://on.today.com/1OespyX
Meet the girl one  America's Got Talent judge called a "living, beautiful, walking miracle."
Find extra cash fast with Jean Chatzky's tips!
Yes, Donald Duck has a birthday!
WATCH: "It was bittersweet but it was magical at the same time because it was like she was with me." http://on.today.com/24u9lyk
Bow-wow-wow yippe-yo — look out!
The Goo Goo Dolls rocked Studio 1A this morning!
"A home isn't just a place where you have a roof and four walls. It's a place of love and affection and caring and where you build these friendships that are everlasting."
Who had the best style on country music's big night?
Mind blown!
The best way to start a Thursday!
This tiny hugging bandit will steal your heart!
Who do you have there, Mark Ruffalo?
It's bad enough when you fall asleep on the job. It's worse when your boss catches you — and when your boss is billionaire Richard Branson.
Happy 55th birthday, Michael J. Fox! http://on.today.com/1U8LzFD
This technique might save you tons!
"Our bank account is empty, our sleep is non-existent and our house has been surrendered to the chaos. But what an amazing experience we have been chosen for."
Step 1: Get to the hospital ASAP.
Don't cry over a bad haircut!
Sarah Jessica Parker just revealed her hidden talent!
"I've never quite had the feeling that I had when that owl just nuzzled his neck against mine."
It's all about support.
Spoiler alert: There are still pink walls!
You get an incredible view in nearly every room!
Slimming down for summer, blah blah blah. We'll be hanging out by the dips instead.
Thousands of playlists were evaluated, and here were your top tunes!
"There's no one else I would rather be on this wild ride with."
"The more people talking about this, the more people will understand what rape is and what consent means."
"Once you get past the chaos, the constant chaos, there's so much love."
It's a "dad joke" come to life.
"I want to learn to love all of myself, not just the parts I've been told are 'acceptable.' Because the secret is, I was always enough. And you are too."
"Apparently people can't wrap their brain around kids playing modern-day cops and robbers."
Rock on!
WATCH: Rescued owl GiGi gives a big hug to the man who helped save her life. http://on.today.com/25MtmGr
"Nicholas just wanted to make him happy."
Khloe asked the questions in a rapid-fire quiz, and Kourtney named the names!
See the stars of 'Ghostbusters' glam it up in gorgeous magazine spread.
"Pregnant or not, when your job means that you are on television every day, folks definitely feel free to comment on what you're wearing. I may not always love that, but I get it."
WATCH: One woman is turning a traumatic night into an empowering experience. http://on.today.com/1RXfdZV
Tag your bestie in the comment section below!
You'll feel a lot better after reading this.
A lot has changed since the McGhee family posed for this viral photo six years ago!
Can you handle the cuteness? (We can't!)
Happy 91st birthday to one of our favorite ladies, Barbara Bush!
"I'm sad that you were so very wrong to say that a baby with Down syndrome would decrease our quality of life. And I'm heartbroken that you might have said that to a mommy even today."
Turns out Freddie Prinze Jr. knows his way around the kitchen!
Does Orange Is the New Black measure up to real life? Not for Martha Stewart.
See how stars from John Legend to Cher celebrated Hillary Clinton's glass ceiling-shattering moment!
Pizza, anyone?!
*Takes notes for Halloween*
"We are ALL made with imperfections and there is so much beauty in our flaws."
You will always be McSteamy to us, Eric Dane!
We're happy to see you too, Morgan Freeman!
Another parenting win for Chris Hemsworth!
Looking sharp, Al Roker!
These will be the wildest photos you see all day.
Five years ago today, we had one unforgettable send-off for our friend Meredith Vieira on her last day as a TODAY co-anchor.   (Photo credit: Reuters)
We ain't afraid of no ghosts! Ghostbusters hit theaters on this day 32 years ago. http://on.today.com/1K54omL
Bypass those long TSA lines!
How do you play off your pregnancy before you're ready to let the cat — or baby bump — out of the bag?
We're remembering Joan Rivers on what would have been her 83rd birthday. http://on.today.com/1K54omL
See how this couple used Facebook to get justice for their little boy.
Use the wrong type of cloth and you could scratch the glass! Here's what to know.
These "naked" cakes look beautiful and delicious!
#31 and #41 are pretty awesome.
"Now that I am in my 40s, I feel more confident knowing what I like and don't like and I am a much better mom, better wife and better friend. I enjoy where we are in our lives as opposed to chasing the next dream."
People are more enthusiastic about ideas they think are morally grounded.
Like mother, like daughter!
Do you get irritated when seated on flights next to kids? You should read this too.
Is that you, Cher Horowitz?
*cartoon eyes pop*
Sookie's back!
A simple knee injury caused a rare, excruciating pain disorder. After trying every treatment possible, Mary Fran Wiley had one more hope to move and be free.
WATCH: Take a look back at the Queen Elizabeth's royal relationship with her favorite dog breed!
Today would've been Prince's 58th birthday.
"My scar is like my battle wound; proof that I have overcome something bigger than myself."
The best of both worlds?
See why Kim Kardashian West can count Helen Mirren as a fan these days.
"The world opens up when they see mom and dad with clarity."
Happy birthday, Liam Neeson!
Next stop, Carpool Karaoke?
Little Vale is not too thrilled about Savannah Guthrie's big news (we're sure she'll come around).  How did your children react to the news that they were going to have a little brother or sister? Share your video and photos in the comments, and you may be featured on TODAY!
So…would you?
Savannah's not the only one who can keep a secret! Here are more of our favorite surprise pregnancy announcements.
How many Harry Potter puns does this anchor drop?!
There's only one person who isn't thrilled Savannah's pregnant: her daughter Vale! http://on.today.com/1Uwr6HJ
Now this is how you upgrade PB&J!
"I hugged Paula and she just squeezed me too tight. And all the happiness came out on her jacket."
In honor of the 25th anniversary of City Slickers, share your favorite quotes from the film with us!
Following the 60/60 rule might help.
We'd be happy to watch this for 525,600 minutes!
WATCH: "This was a very small way for us to pay tribute to a dog who truly has been a hero." http://on.today.com/1VJyeG8
Do the "Truffle Shuffle" because The Goonies premiered on this day in 1985!
"There have been some good things to come from getting cancer and he's definitely one of them."
We're remembering Prince today on what would have been his 58th birthday. #PrinceDay
This doesn't end the way you might think!
WATCH: These 72 million-year-old dinosaur tracks are incredibly well-preserved!
So is Prince Harry still single? (We're asking for a friend…)
"The thought of getting to add to our family now is beyond every hope, dream and prayer I have ever had."
ABBA together again?!  "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!"
WATCH: Savannah had big news to share this morning on TODAY! #CongratsSavannah http://on.today.com/1RW7Z8r
We have baby news at TODAY! #CongratsSavannah
Another member of the TODAY family is on its way! Savannah and Mike are expecting baby No. 2! http://on.today.com/1Uwr6HJ #CongratsSavannah
Did your flight take off without you? Here's what to do.
Iman shared the sweet flashback photo of herself with late husband David Bowie in honor of the couple's 24th wedding anniversary on Monday.
"Tricky people are the new strangers…tricky people ask kids for help. If a safe adult needs help, they'll ask another adult."
"Laughter is a wonderful thing for whatever is going on in your life."
Still BFFs!
Looks like Hugh M. Hefner just got a new roommate.
Just wait until you see Jennifer Lopez's kitchen!
"I looked in the mirror and cried and then she started to cry. I've always dreamed of wearing it…"
You go, Maisie Williams!
"This was a very small way for us to pay tribute to a dog who truly has been a hero."
For her positive attitude and ability to gracefully poke fun at her mistake, we give this queen two thumbs up!
When cancer took their friend, they wanted to keep her spirit alive.
WATCH: Is this lip color a game-changer? Or just a gimmick? Here's how it works! http://on.today.com/1UCUUp4
Adele gave an epic Spice Girls shoutout during her show — and the Spice Girls loved it!
Who is this imposter?!
Billy Dec is teaching us his ways!
We could watch tamales being made all day.
All we want to do is run around the kitchen singing songs from "Grease"!
"It was a good decision at the time," Liam Hemsworth said about splitting from Miley Cyrus in 2013.
We're remembering Muhammad Ali with these powerful words from the legendary boxer. #MindfulMondays
In case you wanted to pile on your Monday blues...
WATCH: Meet the man who went from a double lung transplant to running a race in just 6 months. http://on.today.com/1U2jRvr
"Matt Damon made it after all!" P!nk said.
Just another reason to prioritize your annual mammogram.
Smell like roses AND keep mosquitoes at bay? We're in.
"Mosquitoes? Like, whatever. I'm going. This is my shot."
The odds of identical quadruplets are 1 in 15 million!
Rebel Wilson nailed it!
Carrie, Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha graced our TV screens on Sex and the City for the first time 18 years ago today!
It's Annie's house!!
Taylor Swift = best wedding crasher ever.
Look who's up with us this morning: Scott Wolf!
Whether he was tangling with Tom Brokaw or speaking about getting older with Bryant Gumbel, Muhammad Ali was practically a member of the TODAY family.
One thing this girl knows for sure: Her dad is wrong when it comes to counting.
WATCH: Muhammad Ali was no stranger TODAY...We'll miss you, Champ. http://on.today.com/1UlXn4E
Cupcakes for breakfast? On Natalie Morales' birthday, anything goes!
Hear Miss USA's inspiring answer to a question about women in the military that may have clinched her victory.
Happy birthday, Natalie Morales!
We see you, Jesse Eisenberg!
"Who else would you want in your corner?"
We relish this little girl's decision!
"Knowing he's not suffering anymore is what gives me comfort," Laila Ali told Matt Lauer.
Bryant Gumbel and Bob Costas joined TODAY this morning to remember Muhammad Ali.
"Someone's weight or hair or skin does not have anything to do with their opinions or character."
Number 1: Walking is easy, convenient, and it is really effective.
Wait until you see inside!
Not losing weight? It's probably because of these bad habits.
The exterior was in great shape, but the rest of it needed some work!
"Forever the greatest, forever my hero."
He was born without arms and legs – and just conquered 26.2 miles.
"We will always be supportive of one another," Wilmer Valderrama and Demi Lovato wrote.
"With everything going on, God was always with me and him."
This is delicious!
Happy 45th birthday to this forever hunk, Mark Wahlberg!
Laila Ali and Hana Ali share touching tributes to their father Muhammad Ali.  "For 30 minutes... his heart just kept beating. No one had ever seen anything like it."
The final word on what you need to know.
"As the great philosopher Benjamin Affleck once said, 'Judge me by how good my good ideas are, not how bad my bad ideas are.'"
Do you agree?
"Your rubbish comments ain't ruining my happiness."
"I thought, OK, here's the job I was just praying about. I didn't take it immediately. But I did come to my senses and I went back, and I took the job."
#TheBoss reminded us how great it is to be "Born in the USA" when he released the album of the same name on this day in 1984...32 years ago!  Thanks for the music, Bruce Springsteen!  (Photo credit: AP)
Muhammad Ali passed away Friday at age 74. In this powerful 2013 clip, TODAY's Matt Lauer explains why the legendary boxer had such an extraordinary impact on his life.  Read more: http://on.today.com/1TTXmdK
The boxing legend is being mourned widely across social media, with emotional posts continuing to pour in.
We are sending our thoughts and prayers to Muhammad Ali's family. The legend will be missed.
Muhammad Ali died Friday, a family spokesman confirmed to NBC News. He was 74.
Muhammad Ali has passed away at age 74.
Pamper yourself!
Call the Paris Hilton of your friend group, stat.
This is not what we expected!
You want to give your kids a break from school, but not a break from learning.
Congratulations, Jesse and Ann!
Heart-shaped pee? Say it isn't so.  Thanks to all the parent who made Facebook funny this week.
"It would be an opportunity to make a real impact on people's lives on a global scale."
"I am going to shut my computer and go to sleep. And dream about our next camping trip. Or hiking adventure. Because I'm tired. Really, really tired. And I'm more interested in living each day with my children than dying with them."
"She's just this wonderful little pug. I don't know what her life was like before, but it's going to be much better moving forward."
WATCH: Fifth Harmony taught John Cena to "booty pop" and Carson Daly brought something Siriously Delicious to the studio. Check out this week's big moments with the #SliceOfOrange!
When mama's not home, daddy has to get creative! See how one dad's DIY solution soothed his baby AND gave him even more appreciation for her mother!
School is in session!
We can't decide who's cuter!
WATCH: When this girl received a doll with a prosthetic leg matching her own, she burst into happy tears — and so did we! http://on.today.com/1XVNQqa
Today marks the 24th anniversary of Bill Clinton's unforgettable sax rendition of "Heartbreak Hotel" on "The Arsenio Hall Show"!
The "after" pics are a blast from the past!
Hoda Kotb was one of the friends who broke the news to her!
Check out this dog's new "faux paw"!
Prince Harry's outfit was not up to snuff!
People are freaking out over this 3-month-old's fabulous hair — and we are too!
Here are some common pains you shouldn't ignore!
The number of times Adele said "Oh my God": 13!
Al Roker jumped in the kitchen this morning! Find his recipe for kabobs here: http://on.today.com/1Wzi1Ek.
Go Sailor!
WATCH: We love this sweet reunion between a sea otter pup and its mom! http://on.today.com/1Pr7qcu
Another parenting win for Chris Hemsworth!
Luke Bryan "shaked it" on the TODAY plaza for the Citibank US concert series!
Say cheese, Luke Bryan! #LukeBryanTODAY
One of the greatest days of all is today. Happy National Donut Day!
Here's what Calvin Harris had to say about his split from Taylor Swift.
"It's got a leg like me!"
Just try not to "aw" watching this!
"This is about swaddling them and giving them that comfort and safe, secure feeling."
"When you start to get rid of things that are clutter, you can systematically get rid of the negative energy that isn't useful to you. Like with your closet, you can do it with your mind..."
"She made me feel so comfortable and accepted, that's why I just wanted to cry, especially because of the way everyone else looked and smiled at what she was doing."
We can't stop eating this guacamole from @Aarti Sequeira. It's better than we ever imagined!
This deserving mom has been married for 20 years, and hadn't changed her hairstyle once in all that time.
Lea Michele called her island escape "heaven."
#6 and #7 will make weeknight dinners a breeze!
"I just hope I'm not bad at it. I know I am occasionally bad at it."
"I know firsthand how scary it can be to wear a swimsuit, so I really hoped that people of size could see a body like theirs rocking something sexy."
"The solutions to our issues don't depend on great SAT scores. They depend on problem solvers of good character."
"I'm like Hermione — very book-y, did well in school. Jared's kind of a Ron — more street-smart, and very personable and funny."
The cat had a certain air of confidence about it.
"I wanted to keep sitting there and making bow ties, but it wasn't bringing in the kind of income I needed to take care of myself. So I prayed. I got on my knees and said, I need some kind of additional income."
This guy REALLY 'Can't Stop the Feeling!'
Are you preparing for a big life milestone?  TODAY, working with our sponsor State Farm, could give you $25,000 to help you make the most out of life.   Enter and find rules here: http://on.today.com/1UfRRQY
*Slow clap*
You down for hosting a backyard pool party this summer, Adele?
Beauty standards change. Remember that.
"I wasn't allowed to pick him up and hold him. Instead, I was instructed how to place my hands on his small body using a firm touch."

Um...what?
"I see this as evidence of the genius inside all children."
Queen Elizabeth's coronation was 63 years ago today!
This mom embraced the nickname — on her own terms.
Today is a special day for fans of HBO's hit show The Wire!
Congrats to the happy family!
WATCH: When this boy called 911 to report his dad running a red light, the operator didn't let the dad off the hook without having a word! http://on.today.com/1XkJ5rG
What do you think: Anne Hathaway or Penelope Cruz?
Dark chocolate made the cut!
Fleur East's performance in Studio 1A this morning was unreal!
These uniforms aren't winning any gold medals with the public in China.
We loved having Jesse Tyler Ferguson stop by!
Good morning, Daniel Radcliffe!
We're impressed by this 6-year-old's diligence!
The man who already stole our hearts approximately 4,298 times has done it again.
"It's so important to so many people, I realize. And something I didn't have 25 years ago."
1. Walking is easy, convenient, and it is really effective. (YES!)
No, it doesn't taste fishy!
"I found who I was meant to be by having a child with special needs."
We're overdosing on salt, consuming 3,400 mg a day on average. Here's what the FDA is doing to help us cut way back.
Try this  sequence from Jennifer Aniston's yoga instructor!
Kristin Cavallari doesn't even come close to the treadmill.
Tempted to lie to your kids, whether about shots, the tooth fairy, or a relative's illness? Read this for some better ideas.
WATCH: Coffee in outer space: "just add hot water and shake!" http://on.today.com/1XhwvJH
"Would you be able to ask me how I'm doing?" Emilia Clarke asked her crush, referring to Joey Tribbiani's famous no-fail pickup line.
Ready for a plate of Mac & Screech?
"We roamed the neighborhood on foot, on roller skates and, by age 8, on gas-powered go-carts for many of us."
"Well sit back, relax, grab a drink, some popcorn...because I'm about to take you on a ride that could only be likened to a backwards 100 mph roller coaster that takes you through waterfalls of vomit, sh** and lots of tears."
Plant, water, enjoy!
"She said, 'I wanna be president.' I said, 'Well, honey, that's the only thing you can't be.' It was heartbreaking."
This is our childhood dream come true!
*Facepalm*
"He turned a really traumatic day into an amazing day he's never, ever going to forget."
"When I realized what he was doing, I said, 'Are you sure you want to go with your bald old mom?' He responded by telling me I'm going to be the most beautiful one in the room."
"I want to do something that could change the world as we know it and to always be remembered in history. I want to live off my research and books."
We've all been there.
"If a guy without arms and legs can do this — you can do it!"
The couple got their finger-snapping, shoulder-swaying groove on!
Good luck getting any of these songs out of your head!
Most of us know that the sun can be harmful to our skin. But some dermatologists say it's the daily exposure – not the occasional outing to the beach – that we should be most concerned about.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Olay
Did you pass the test?
Looking good, Jimmy Fallon and Julia Roberts!
WATCH: We're kind of jealous of these little ones who got to have some fun with adorable baby tigers!
"Now, it's just as much a part of me as my personality or the way that I laugh."
1. Bigger isn't always better.
This is the cutest thing we've seen all day!
Well done, sailor!
Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth worth really engaged? Here's what Billy Ray Cyrus had to say…
Summer = taco season!
"I don't want to cover up anymore. Not my face, not my mind, not my soul, not my thoughts, not my dreams, not my struggles, not my emotional growth. Nothing," Alicia Keys said.
Do you think this woman's shorts were too high to fly?
"This is a great opportunity for these kids to come together, to cry when they feel like crying, laugh when they feeling like laughing and just be in a safe place."
We kind of saw this coming…
No one pulls off a mullet like Billy Ray Cyrus!
Why is Megan Fox moving? Because her unborn baby told her to.
Thanks for coming by, John Leguizamo!
Happy 35th birthday, Amy Schumer!
Unsurprisingly, people are clamoring to take selfies with it.
We can now put a face to that naked body — thanks to one diligent reporter.
Why is Matt Lauer smiling? Because he gets to eat grilled pork tacos for breakfast!  Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1P4Z4BO
Prince Harry is a man of his word!
You have to see it to believe it!
We're always happy to see Carson Daly in the morning, but we especially love it when his wife Siriously Delicious sends treats with him!
Well this is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
If you're stranded at sea, how do you survive long enough for help to arrive?
Today would have been Marilyn Monroe's 90th birthday. Her star still shines after all these years!
"I can't see how it's harmful in any way to support my [son's play] and if that means him playing in a princess costume, that's fine by me."
Congratulations, Jena Malone!
Poison ivy is no fun, but that's not the only skin rash that's more common during the hot months.
Sometimes you get more out of your food by doing less.
The photos are heartbreaking. Here's how you can help refugee children.
Let's all agree to stop saying "I do" to these traditions.
This trick will guarantee a green one every single time!
You don't have to eat right when you wake up, but there are plenty of reasons why breakfast is good for you.
"On the internet these days, parent-shaming is almost a sport. People enjoy it way, way too much, and to be honest, it frightens me."
Is your child's name on the list?
"Quaden now proudly accepts that he's got dwarfism, because Buddy's given him that reason to think that it's cool."
"You are smart and you are pretty. It would take nothing from you to also be kind."
It doesn't have to be a struggle!
"There is such an extreme stigma about mental health issues, and I can't make heads or tails of why it exists."
For four years, the 32-year-old science teacher, who has cystic fibrosis, depended on oxygen 24/7.
"These were all (the queen's) ideas," said photographer Annie Leibovitz – including the portrait with her beloved corgis.
An elephant had even the Terminator himself a little scared after a close encounter on a safari.
Oh...BOY?! That's pretty much what this mom (who thought she was having a girl) was thinking.
If you or someone you love can't tolerate gluten, you may miss eating some of your fave snacks. Make these gluten-free Twix-style candy bars at home!
Prepare to turn to the bark side.
"I want them to understand that these voices matter and that there's not just one experience that people can learn from."
The coffee of the future?
"Each time I filled Arsema's bottle and sat in the rocker to feed her, I would think about Sarah and Evie. I would pray for Sarah's broken heart and thank God for the gift Sarah had so selflessly given me and my daughter."
We like what Salma Hayek Pinault has to say!
Is that thing real?!
WATCH: Adele calls out a fan mid concert for filming using a full tripod setup. http://on.today.com/1RJFzhO
What would you add to the list?
"It's been the best decision that I've made."
We've all been there, Amy Schumer!
Now's the time!
Next year, invite us?
Holiday weddings: yay or nay?
"This morning I lost my world…"
Happy 51st birthday to The Real Brooke Shields!
Are these pants or flippers?
Melissa McCarthy for president?
Happy 86th birthday, Clint Eastwood!
We adore you for this, Gina Rodriguez!
We're digging the pocket square, Carson Daly!
A visit from Maya Rudolph and Martin Short is the best way to kick off a Tuesday!
*awkward*
Congrats, Bethany Hamilton!
A penny for this guy's thoughts! (22,000 pennies, to be exact!)
You'll want to read this before hopping in a pool this summer.
Happy 40th birthday, Colin Farrell!
"Let the kids collect bugs, catch butterflies, fish, swim, and climb trees. Memories acquired = priceless."
Have you checked out your lawn mower's blades lately?
"For what it's worth, my husband seemed to like it, too."
We love the dining room!
How much would you pay for a purse?
Dry drowning can happen hours or days after swimming. Here's how to prevent it.
"This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy."
"He has always been so kind and selfless. He's a wonderful man and wonderful father. We are so proud of him."
Find out what you would be named today!
So happy to see our pal, John Cena - WWE Universe stop by TODAY this morning. Here are some inspirational words from the professional wrestler and television personality! #MindfulMondays
"I guess my Purple Heart plates gave it away. Thanks for lunch, wherever you are."
"I'm a challenger. I am ruffling a lot of feathers."
It's always great to have John Cena - WWE Universe in the house to help co-anchor the show!
A little rain wasn't going to stop the ladies of Fifth Harmony from rocking the plaza!
Fire up the grill this Memorial Day with this mouth-watering burger recipe.
What's your take?
This Memorial Day we're remembering the brave men and women who gave their lives to serve our great country.
You guys loved this story, and so did we. Meet the Marine and his adorable son who captured our hearts last week.
Joanna Gaines learned a valuable (and expensive) lesson with one home.
"As much as the doctor might tell you 'This is normal,' since people don't talk about it... it still feels abnormal because it's hidden away in private message boards and specific support groups, and not openly discussed."
Because balmy days turn into chilly nights.
Brandon Myers lived for music. But after his life was cut short, his parents were able to accept his degree in tribute to his hard work and passion: on.today.com/1UaHA8s
"I never wanted you here. I'm pretty sure you never planned on me being here. But God has plans that far exceed our own."  See why this letter still resonates today.
Their new dining room might not work for state dinners, but it will be lovely for family dinners!
Try this one simple trick for a glamorous glow!
Bobbie Thomas openly shared her IVF journey to have her son, Miles. Now, she's sharing advice and insight into her own struggle in the hopes that it may help others facing a similar situation.  "You're not a superhero, and the weight of the outcome you're after does not rest solely on your shoulders."
"It's something we're not going to lose ever again."
"I wanted to make running these marathons less about me and more about helping out a worthy cause."
After U.S. Air Force Master Sgt. Melvin Rector died on his first trip back to Britain since 1945, American and British military service members gathered to pay their respects to a veteran they never met.
"If you feel thirsty, you're already dehydrated,"
Every picture tells a story, especially the ones in the portrait gallery at the 500-year-old Althorp estate. More at 7/6c 'On Assignment'
Because bacon makes everything better
The real winner of this polo match? Prince Harry's photobomb!
"Every sentence that she talks about is 'OK mom, when I can walk again...' so she fully believes that she'll be able to walk again one day."
Think you've got sun poisoning? Here's what to do next.
WATCH: You'll want to stock up on washi tape after this. on.today.com/1ORLP7u
"The truth is, after a certain age, being on the receiving end of a compliment, or a warm smile, or an opened door, is more welcome than ever. It's one thing that never gets old."
Do you take showers? Then you'll want to pay attention to this! on.today.com/1TFcnLf
The right brush can change everything!
"With pictures, there's more than meets the eye, and that the pictures you see online are posed."
Sometimes it's a little twinge, but may need immediate attention.
"She loves to put a smile on peoples' faces."
So THAT'S how you're supposed to pronounce it!
Need some inspiration? One of these must-see places might be near you!
"He really, really wanted that degree. It's like what he lived for. It kept him going. He loved music. He loved going to school."
Putting sunscreen on kids doesn't have to be such a struggle.
"I long for those days of little toes, ones that fit neatly in the palm of my hand and required no socks or shoes, tucked in wonderful outfits with built-in feet."
You can leave these up through July 4!
"Through pulling myself together and shooting that wedding after such a devastating loss, I've learned that you can't let awful things close you off from what makes life worthwhile."
There's no reason not to refill the roll with this tip.
WATCH: These vets found friendship in Vietnam, but lost touch when they returned home. See the touching moment they reunited – 46 years later: on.today.com/1U396EW
We last saw Virginia McLaurin dancing with the Obamas in February. The 107-year-old is still spreading joy – this time at a Washington Nationals game. Keep dancing, Virginia! on.today.com/20SShjV
Remember the doggie poo bags and receiving blankets!
"Even though the kids might not have had him there all the time in their lives, they can still hear the stories about him and see how their dad made a difference in people's lives."
Get to know the newest member of the TODAY family, Stephanie Ruhle!
"I feel so productive creating a human person that I'm so excited to meet because I know that I have such a spiritual connection to them."
Can you figure it out?
Focus on what you CAN have, says Tastemaker Keri Glassman, Nutritious Life. It works!
Rodents of unusual size? They do exist, and they're loose in Toronto!
Oreo alert! Get the scoop on the new blueberry pie and fruity crisp Oreos.
"Our ideas about bodies are so warped that most people would praise the girl on the left and condemn the girl on the right, without realizing that we're one and the same."
This particular superbug gene can turn up in any bacteria and make it even more difficult to treat.
These humorous parents are all really excited about summer vacation starting!
We pedaled for a purpose, got passionate about post-its and found out which movies the anchors can quote from start to finish. Take a look behind-the-scenes with this week's #SliceOfOrange!
This is one uncanny resemblance.
These red flags can apply to men OR women.
If you shower, you'll want to read this.
"I live in pajamas and yoga pants. I only say yoga pants because I can't bring myself to leave the house in pajamas. I do have some standards."
Ryan Lochte has something to celebrate ahead of Rio – a new puppy!
"A lot of horrible, nasty things were said."
Here are the most popular ice cream flavors in every state!
We love what Steven Spielberg had to say to Harvard University's grads. http://on.today.com/1UaBrZU
"Everyone was very intrigued."
Ross can rap!
WATCH: We love this mom's reaction to being surprised by her son! http://on.today.com/1UaxNiB
Generations of cuteness in one photo!
Bunmi Laditan nails the heartbreak that is feeding a fussy toddler.
"We thought our neighbors would think we were crazy — but people love it!"
Take pulled pork to the next level, the Al Roker way!
You're better than that, Massachusetts!
You haven't aged a day, Hugh Jackman!
It was a blockbuster of a speech!
Dierks Bentley rocked the plaza this morning!
Forget Harry Potter and Frodo! Check out this image to see some real magic.
He went with the butt-out, tap-on-the-back approach.
Matt Lauer is ready for summer!
If you saw a child trapped in a hot car, would you know what to do?
We're kicking off Memorial Day weekend with some of our country's finest!
"My husband had an affair right after I gave birth to our daughter. And it was the best thing that ever happened to me."
Sometimes it's a little twinge, but may need immediate attention.
"It was a love/hate relationship."
"We decided that we wanted experiences rather than stuff. Every time we thought about buying a coffee, we calculated that for the same price we could stay in a nice hut on a Pacific beach."
"Loving our children is a continual process of letting them go, letting them move away from us so that they can live without us and become independent. I was not emotionally prepared for this when I had my kids."
What movies are you excited for this summer?
This shirt struck out with most fans.
As the doctors stroked Ollie and attempted to soothe him before the procedure, they discovered something just behind his ears.
Butterflies, horses and tents, oh my!
It was jaw-dropping!
Can we please talk about the kitchen's new banquette? Perfection!
"You just go to wedding after wedding, weekend after weekend."
She may not be able to walk (or crawl!), but this baby can already water ski!
Apparently, it's a ruff time to be a dog.
A song for everyone tired of cleaning up after messy kids. Can someone send this to Justin Bieber's mom? We think she'd like it.
He's a little spelling beest!
Watch the two "SNL" alums salute the troops with a hilarious duet, Garth Brooks style!
The Lion King fans have to see this!
Just like twins!
Make everyday a good hair day!
Pivot! Pivot!
"Got my one-month performance review for my new position as Father. Not good."
As if we couldn't love Adele more than we already do.
We didn't think Prince George could get any cuter!
Our thoughts are with Jennifer Aniston and her family.
WATCH: This 6-month-old was born to ride! http://on.today.com/1P0lQjm
The kitchen is our favorite room in the whole house!
"I'll do anything for these kids I met today."
Now everybody's REALLY working for the weekend!
The Voice winner stopped by TODAY to chat about her big win!
What do you think of the school's decision?
It's Red Nose Day — and TODAY is pedaling for a purpose! #RedNoseTODAY
Grab the tissues!
Hey ladies!
Are you expecting long wait times at the airport this summer?
Thanks, SoulCycle, for helping us out with the bikes!
"How is it that what was considered a size 4 is now the same dimensions of a size 10?"
Leave it to Hoda Kotb to look this happy working out!
Admit it, you get super excited for great sides!
Bustin' ghosts isn't the wackiest job the 'Ghostbusters' ladies have ever had!
Knock it off with the 'evaporated cane juice' labels, the FDA says.
"The great American road trip is officially back thanks to low gas prices."
"They have an incredible bond."
Spruce up your lamp – and your room – with these easy trick!
Rule #1: Don't be intimidated, you've got this!
Anne Hathaway and James Corden may be two of the nicest people in Hollywood, but put them in a rap battle against each other and the gloves come off!
"Somebody recently said to me that we all have our good angles and we all have our bad angles, so why do we let our bad angles carry so much more weight than our good angles?"
"(My children) are the greatest expression of the love that I shared for 29 years with the greatest man I've ever known, my husband, Frank."
"I'm going to pretend like this isn't happening."
WATCH: After a teen shared the news that he would miss his high school graduation after he was struck by a car, the police officers who rescued him gave him a special ceremony of his own. http://on.today.com/1saPYys
WATCH: This 7-year-old's spirit is inspiring thousands — including us! http://on.today.com/1CeAqrW
"It's my only talent, so I figured I'd try it at the talent show this year and then just walk off."
WATCH: Before leaving for his deployment, Marine dad gives 3-year-old son the best Halloween, Christmas and birthday ever! http://on.today.com/1sA8YX5
A word of advice, Candace Payne : Let the Wookiee win!
This lullabies are just for babies? Think again!
Age is an issue of mind over matter – if you don't mind, it doesn't matter!   (By TODAY with AARP)
"That was a hard time for us — a lonely time — but that baby left a permanent mark on us, and it didn't seem fair that it would get hidden away."
Not everything Joanna Gaines touches turns into shabby-chic gold.
ARE WE THERE YET?!   Read this before you pull out of the driveway.
You know how kids get a kick out of it when adults can't handle technology? Well, adults, this is for you...
Talk about a jarring wake-up call!
After seven years of infertility, this artist is now on bed rest in her last weeks of pregnancy… and she looks forward to showing her son what she made while waiting for him.
"I asked, can I be funny this year? No more tears, please."
WATCH: We love what Hoda Kotb has to say about this inspiring alum! See her words here: http://on.today.com/1WOlyP5.
"This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy."
"My doctors have told me I am physically unable to continue my run for Congress."
Happy National Wine Day! Who's celebrating?!
Forget Tinder! Try these tips.
Our hearts are melting!
Brad Pitt to the rescue!
WATCH: We would not want to wake up to this! http://on.today.com/1TEmguQ
A fun end to a sticky situation!
"Have faith, because with God, all things are possible…There's nothing you can't accomplish."
Sean Hayes had us cracking up this morning!
"You have little kids that accidentally get into this stuff. They don't know any better."
Hint: The winner made history for The Voice!
Make that pesky task a little less annoying.
We like your new look, Dylan! #RedNoseTODAY
Which is your favorite impression? We can't decide!
Is breakfast too soon for a visit to the Olive Garden?
There's some Post-it magic going on at Studio 1A this morning!
"We're still hoping we can change this for Jacob, but if we can't, at least we can help others."
Calling all social media mavens! TODAY is on the hunt for the next big YouTube, Vine and Instagram star.
See the powerful 60-second videos about suicide prevention and mental health awareness created by California high school and college students.
Fruits, veggies and even meat all have pairings that makes them even better!
Emma Stone is following in Taylor Swift's footsteps.
It's a myth! Stylish trends don't have an age limit.
Don't let that produce die a slow death in the crisper drawer!
One week left! Parents, join the TODAY Parenting Team in May for the chance to win our ultimate photo giveaway, worth $2,000.
We're all about the smash burger to kick off summer!
"You just actually turned the color of your hair," Jimmy Kimmel teased P!nk.
"But regarding the judgmental mothers, I just don't get how they can't support fellow moms."
Can she be our best friend?
Here's what happened when Simon the Border collie met Sammie the boxer, the newest addition to their shelter.
Anyone see the resemblance to Mr. Burns from The Simpsons?
Anne Hathway, who welcomed son Jonathan eight weeks ago, revealed going to the gym is nothing like it used to be.
"We know how isolating this disease is. We know how families really need to uproot … Brandon gave voice to that. Their story was every child's story."
"Nothing in the house is safe."
What does 50 mean to you? We want to see how you're redefining middle age, TODAY viewers!  Upload a photo in the comment – show us how you or someone you love is rocking their 50s. We might use it on air!  (#DisruptAging is created by our sponsor AARP.)
"When cellulite spots scars moles even freckles are retouched it makes you believe that they are imperfections and you should not have them."
"I have a piece of my heart in each of my kids, and I don't feel right unless they are all close to me."
Congratulations, Tara Lipinski!
Celebrating 75 years of Curious George!
WATCH: A backbend left this 6-year-old paralyzed – but now she's fighting back.
Here's how to actually pronounce IKEA!
"Never forget your roots, and always be proud of where you came from."
Bueller? ... Bueller?
Give your summer cookout some Southern flair!
The duet, which Blake Shelton co-wrote with Gwen Stefani, had some listeners puzzled at first.
The first time Prince Harry visited the Walt Disney World ride was with his mom in 1993.
Be honest, Russell!
Say "ruff!"
Congratulations, Ashley and J.P.!
Thelma & Louise came out 25 years ago today — and Kathie Lee and Hoda had to celebrate!
This might rival The Bachelorette!
Happy 75th birthday, Bob Dylan!
WATCH: We're glad this baby deer is in safe hands!
We have a feeling students will not be cutting this class!
The barista knew an Oscar-winner was ordering, but which one?
Cue the "Final Countdown"...Will Arnett is here!
Tip #3: Consider traveling alone.
Nice shades!
Her sister tried to step in – but it was too little, too late.
Bernie Sanders is clarifying comments he made earlier in an interview with the AP.
Does this change your opinion of the "Cry It Out" method?
What do you get a teacher who has excused your tardiness not once, not twice, but every single day of the year?
Which side has less calories: Potato salad or baked beans?
Salma Hayek Pinault's kitchen was not what we were expecting from a movie star.
Who's on board with this mom?
"I'm busy not volunteering at school. Not reading enough books to her. Not not not. ... But maybe there is hope. Maybe it's not so bad. Maybe there is always tomorrow."
"Unfortunately, in today's landscape of instant outrage, nothing is harmless anymore."
Are you ready to rock your swimsuit with confidence?
See Ariel Winter turn up the glam in her senior prom photos!
Costco's more than bulk pretzels!
Do kids need a separate sunscreen? Everything you need to know.
Women of the world: 1; these guys: 0.
The entire room joined in!
WATCH: This homemade version of Pop-Tarts is gluten-free, natural and so easy! http://on.today.com/1WdK1NV
"I hope she can see them later and realize how much I love her with all my heart."
3D printing now lets us design our own candy! cc: Dylan's Candy Bar  Read more: http://on.today.com/1OJuqh8
WATCH: Jacob Tumalan, who has autism, once seemed to lose his verbal skills. But thanks to a collection of books and dogs at his local shelter, he's now thriving.
Welcome to the world (and social media), Boomer!
You might think you know what 'old' looks like – but do you really?   By AARP
Your personality eating style may be leading to those extra pounds.
We're still blown away by Celine Dion's performance at last night's Billboard Music Awards. Here's some inspiration from the powerhouse singer herself. #MindfulMondays
The sparks kept flying long after the couple stepped off the stage.
Parents, what do you think of the "Cry It Out" method… and what worked for you?
WATCH: We can't stop smiling at all these adorable sloths! http://on.today.com/22m7cp6
"50 is an eye-opening age. It's a time to reflect and figure out what you want to do next — it's not the time to slow down."
You can make AMAZING fries at home — using ingredients you can pronounce.
BREAKING NEWS.
Who's hungry?!   Scott Conant whipped up a flavorful steak this morning! Get his recipe here: http://on.today.com/1U75HF1.
WATCH: This high school senior did something on graduation day his classmates had never seen before. http://bit.ly/1Tuqt1N
Oh my sloth!
Chug that...sugar??
Always remember these wise words from Ferris Bueller's Day Off:  "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it."
We cannot wait to see Beauty and the Beast!
Here's how to avoid an explosion at your next cookout.
The former VP talks presidential candidates in a TODAY exclusive.
Who wants a ride?!
With her son at her side, Celine Dion declared "the show must go on."
Congratulations, Micah!
WATCH: "The way I see it, she used to watch over me and take care of me, and now it's my turn to do that for her." http://on.today.com/1W39edD
"There's more to policing than making arrests and enforcing the law. Sometimes taking those extra little steps makes the biggest difference in someone's life."
Do you want to live to 100? Follow these tips.
"It could not have been a more perfect day."
Kissing isn't just about chemistry.
Would you rather listen to one song or eat one meal for the rest of your life? Watch Sean "Diddy" Combs, French Montana and Mase debate.
OK, so Victoria's Secret angels aren't typical moms-to-be.
See the video that garnered more than 1 million views, and some impassioned responses.
WATCH: This little boy is battling aggressive cancer, and nothing makes him happier than spending time with his firefighter friends: on.today.com/250nBBb
Here's what professionals really use.
Summer is almost here!
"Let's be honest, getting five minutes to style your hair as a mom is a major accomplishment."
WATCH: The mom wearing a Chewbacca mask is still one of the best things we've seen all week! See more of Willie Geist's highs and lows of the week: on.today.com/1ORKhjd #SundayTODAY
The home cost a whopping $11,400 to build!
Willie Geist is live! Share your questions about #SundayTODAY and his interview with Dierks Bentley below!
What's the best hue for you?
There's not much you can do to speed up the process.
There is a place in South Korea where you can get your dog cloned. Would you? Should you? Watch the full story Sunday at 7/6c during 'On Assignment' on NBC.
Calling all social media mavens!
Perfect your at-home mani.
It's almost too good to be true. Almost.
Meow, that's a purr-fect wedding!
This 9-year-old girl might only have 15 months left to live.
Yes, you need to clean #13!
Welcome to the family, Stephanie Ruhle! Meet our new Weekend TODAY co-anchor.
Nostalgia alert!
These ... pants ... have to ... fit ... until summer!
This recall includes over 400 products. Do you have any?
"They wave this weird thing over the top of it and there's a whole production going on. They take it very seriously that it could be something."
A little inspiration before weekend grocery shopping.
When this mom kept a scheduled day off to be with her daughter, her boss praised her for her decision and told her she was an inspiration. Would yours do the same?
"I will continue to live unapologetically, to thrive in this body, prove the naysayers wrong & laugh at the ignorance."
"I felt humiliated and discriminated against due to my figure."
While many moms and dads believe it's harmless to let their little ones taste booze, here's what one expert had to say.
"When they're all out there, suddenly the disability completely goes away."
"It was hard to look my kids in the eye. I couldn't tell them to work hard and they'd be successful … because I did that, and I lost."
"She'll just say it around the house, and we're like, 'Wha?!'"
"The ticket didn't have an expiration date so I was ready to argue my way in, but they were so nice about it."
"It's a younger, sweeter, better version of me."
WATCH: Dylan faces her celebrity crush and the anchors share their favorite jokes. Catch up on all of the action in this week's #SliceOfOrange!
"I used to feel guilty when I didn't bring up all three of my children, but I finally realized that my children love me both here on earth and from heaven. It doesn't mean that I'm a bad parent if I choose a quick and simple answer."
"We create life...so let's honor how we make these miracles."
Do you live in an Olivia state, or an Emma state? Read up on the trends, and then mouse over the map to see which names are popular where.
"Ta da" she said after looking in the mirror after her Ambush Makeover. http://on.today.com/25dTkCo
"She's going to get a taste of college life. The doors that this is going open, I can't even begin to imagine."
Here's what Mariah Carey had to say about rumors of a beef with Jennifer Lopez.
Tex was born premature, weighing 1 pound, 3 ounces. Beverly Adams calls her grandson "my miracle gift from God."
Cher never goes out of style.
We can't stop smiling!
WATCH: Zia Victoria is only 11 years old and her vocal talent it out of this world! http://on.today.com/1TLtxWY
This little boy is battling aggressive cancer, and nothing makes him happier than spending time with his firefighter friends.
"I have trouble leaving anything just white."
"If seeing the picture on the left is ok with you, then seeing the picture on the right should be ok with you."
This is the next best thing to dancing at Ellen DeGeneres' show!
The iconic journalist tries to hide under a cap and sunglasses, but there's one thing he can't disguise.
"Today at school my crush Riley was chasing other girls on the playground! I thought he liked me. And guess who he was chasing! Jessica! … I think I will tell Riley her secret."
Their 15-year-old daughter died during a lazy day at the lake.
WATCH: Love Chip and Joanna Gaines' home? You can see even more pics of it here: http://on.today.com/1sGuCti.
"We are limping...across the finish line, folks. I tapped out somewhere in April and at this point, it is a miracle my kids are still even going to school. I haven't checked homework folders in three weeks, because, well, I just can't. Cannot. CAN. NOT."
Is it time to throw out a few of your favorite flops? Probably.
As if we weren't already excited about the Gilmore Girls reunion!
Happy 70th birthday, Cher!
Aw, we love this pic, Lea Michele!
Think makeup is too much effort for a day at the office? Think again.
No. 6: You can call him Dr. Diddy.
Paul McCartney may have found his new John!
Hoda Kotb couldn't help but jump in with Diddy!
Diddy kicked off the Citi Concert Series with one of the most epic TODAY performances ever! #PuffDaddyTODAY
Kanye West left Ellen DeGeneres (and us!) speechless.
Diddy is here! #PuffDaddyTODAY
We're dizzy just watching this!
Gwen Stefani's son certainly isn't shy on stage!
"She looked at the image for a second with a 'How did he get there?' expression, then shouted, 'Yeah, that's my Zasby!'"
"I cannot commit to root control every four-to-five weeks."
This cat is totally mesmerizing.
Take it from the experts.
Get a glimpse of Harry Styles' new 'do!
Our favorite: the closet turned into a bar!
Dax Shepard had a snippy solution to this problem.
Looking good, Zac Efron and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson!
Hello, it's… Snow White?
The strongman who plays the fearsome Mountain proves that friends come in all shapes and sizes!
"When you give up faith, you've lost the battle. But Chris never gave up faith. I've been in combat, but Chris fought the worst battle ever."
"I was disgusted with myself for what I put up with," Andi Dorfman said.
One thing gave him motivation as he struggled to recover: the goal of attending senior prom. When school rules barred him from going, he was heartbroken. But when his community heard about what happened, they decided the story wouldn't end that way…
WATCH: No one loves BBQ as much as this dog!
This little boy is battling aggressive cancer, and nothing makes him happier than spending time with his firefighter friends.
The first level of the Tour Eiffel all to yourself?! We're in!
She could not contain her excitement!
Every room is perfection, Joanna Gaines!
Congratulations, Melissa Rycroft!
Let's stop using the F word.
Scientists studied 350 women, and the younger-looking ones had 1 thing in common.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Olay
"Still beautiful as ever!"
John Legend came to his wife's defense on TODAY, and we love what he had to say.
"It's a lot of fun. I've gotta be honest about that," Blake Shelton said about his relationship with Gwen Stefani.
"For the record, doctors have told me bub is healthy."
Good morning, Josh Gad!
WATCH: Natalie's making dinner tonight!  Get her chicken parm recipe here: http://on.today.com/1YF7wNs
What do you think about Blake Lively's comments?
WATCH: Find out why Blake Shelton thinks his relationship with Gwen Stefani is "a little weird."
Our "Friend" David Schwimmer is here this morning!
Congratulations, Alexis Bledel, on your baby — and on keeping things private!
The truth is…
We're remembering former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, who passed away 22 years ago today.
"It's difficult to know at what point you call it a cure. For the patient though, it means they are cancer-free and for some of those patients, it is likely that their cancer never will come back."
BREAKING: An EGYPTAIR flight crashed while en route from Paris to Cairo on Thursday, the French president confirmed.
Joy Bauer shows us how to make a milkshake we can feel good about!
The resemblance is uncanny!
"Today, my son is 5 years old and I love seeing that he goes to the fridge and fills up his own cup of water. Sometimes when asked when visiting friends, he prefers water to juice which I am thrilled about."
Chrissy Teigen is happy as can be adjusting to life as a new mom, but there's one thing she didn't expect.
It's one of Joy Bauer's favorite snack foods. The trick is preparing it just right.
The photos are stunning!
"My mom has always been healthy, but she's not a health nut. I'm the same way."
That wallpaper!
After years of infertility and heartbreak, the California couple came knocking with a surprise.
Sadly, a meat bar is not a really delicious place to hang out.
What would you add to this list?
This woman is on a mission to grow her hair down to her toes.
Send them off to the "real world" in style.
We'd beg to differ on Seth Rogan's take on cookouts. What about you?
"Finn likes watching the bunnies and sometimes tries to reach for them. It's sweet just watching him taking it all in."
When do you start feeling old?
Strategy #1: Know your purpose.
Um...
Seriously, we're not just saying it: The song is actually catchy.
The 'barf heard round the world' was bad, but this dad got a little carried away when making it humorous for his wife.
While the photographer distracted her, her boyfriend pulled out the ring.
Wait till you see the new version!
WATCH: 10-week-old shares un-bunny-lievable bond with rabbits.
"The way I see it, she used to watch over and take care of me, and now it's my turn to do that for her."
"I finished because you needed to see me do it. I'm not strong because I want to be, I'm strong because I'm your first example."
"Your priority becomes your children, and that's something for every woman that becomes a mother. It's all a change for the better. Life is so good with the kids."
"She came in, took my son, calmly swaddled him, and somehow got him to fall asleep in his crib. She opened wine and passed me the nipple cream. She sat there while I cried until the crying turned into laughter."
It may look like a simple brick wall. But wait, there's more.
"Lily is a very sweet, very clever girl. She is always doing witty things like this to make us laugh — and to try to pull a fast one on us!"
Two words: Daddy makeovers.
Throw it back! Throw it back!
WATCH: This 100-year-old retired teacher just set a new record! http://on.today.com/1W2me37
When Fiona Fudge hoofed it into their classroom, the students instantly felt a connection.
The biggest shocker: The parents say the tight quarters have actually been GOOD for their relationship!
"They were 'dancin' and singin' and movin' to groove' just to show these mamas how much they appreciate them. And that's the greatest love of all!"
WATCH: Scientists have a new, inventive way of studying pregnant sharks!
Sign up now!
"You're very attractive," Dylan told Zac Efron this morning.  What can we say? She's an honest woman!
Miley Cyrus and Jimmy Fallon can add a new title to their resumes: expert face-makers.
It was a rare display of emotion for the stoic queen.
WATCH: Dylan got a major surprise (and two hugs!) from Zac Efron in our Facebook Live Booth this morning! http://on.today.com/1OIpVJ0
Our pregnancy bodies look a tiny bit different…
Congrats, Ella Mae!
WATCH: Don't underestimate Costco's romance potential. http://on.today.com/27wipHx
The six-time gold medalist isn't worried about bugs ruining his Olympic run into the history books.
Corinne Bailey Rae sounded amazing this morning!
Who ya gonna call? Al Roker!  Watch the new Ghostbusters trailer now!
Happy birthday, Tina Fey!
Lasagna for breakfast, anyone? http://on.today.com/1TfrOyH
Welcome to the TODAY family, Billy Bush!
Zac Efron and Seth Rogen had us cracking up this morning!
What a difference a few months can make!
Are apps the answer to your never-ending to-do list?
Parents, what do you think?
Not a bad selection!
You never know what's going to happen when Dylan Dreyer's in our Facebook Live Booth!   Ask her your questions and she may answer yours live!
Here's why we should limit our servings each week.
Relationship advice that never gets old: Is he ready to propose?
The video features Justin Timberlake dancing around a supermarket (yes, there are trips down aisles in a shopping cart).
We'd go for the pool!
Blake Lively is giving Cinderella a run for her money.
Seeing this on labels? Here's what you need to know.
"She is in good hands. She will have more friends to hang out with, more grass, better pasture choices and shelter from the ice storms here."
"When we started getting older, my dad stopped going to church, but he still read the Bible every single day. Sundays then became about his bringing church and religion into our home."
"It had nothing to do with the badge. It had to do with being a human being."
John Legend carries baby Luna close to his heart in a new family photo.
"Kids, you don't need to know what a modal verb or subordinating conjunctive is to get where you want in life. You need ideas and passion."
As one commenter points out, he "even came out (of) the womb flexing his biceps."
WATCH: After struggling with infertility, Style Editor @Bobbie Thomas became a mom… and everything changed. "I do not care what I look like anymore, because it's all about him."   Learn more: http://on.today.com/1qGhjrl
First Declan was throwing up, then it was Dad — then came the Breathalyzer.
Dinner has never been cuter.
"It looked like one of those dresses little girls picture a princess wearing."
Happy birthday, Bob Saget!
Duh, Mom. Even 5-year-old Maia knows the difference between lipstick and lip gloss.
WATCH: This rescue dog lived up to the name when he saved a 7-year-old from a rattlesnake. http://bit.ly/1ssuUnD
We've all been there. Chin up, little boy!

"For the press to do a story that I was deliberately lying or whatever — no. I was just being a lady and not telling my age when I moved to America and that's not really a crime."
"I thought I could avoid it by removing the buns from my cheeseburgers."
We love the new look, Lea Michele!
"I made a list of poses and pictures in the aisles. We went down the checklist of what we thought would be funniest and almost got to all of them before the store closed."
Happy anniversary to one of our favorite fictional couples! Monica  and Chandler got married 15 years ago today on FRIENDS (TV Show).
Life changes in ways both big and small.   By our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby
Shiplap is SO season 3.   See what Joanna Gaines is excited about now!
Welcome to the TODAY family Billy Bush!
WATCH: Rabbi G is helping kids fight cancer – one kick at a time.   Learn more about Rabbi G's nonprofit here: http://on.today.com/1V7zumf
"I wanted to let people know, 'Hey, I did one cycle, and look at all of this. Can you imagine what so many women go through cycle after cycle after cycle of this?'"
WATCH: We can't wait to see what this 17-year-old does next!   Find out more about her here: http://on.today.com/1NwHnzK.
If you're buying "natural," you may get burned.
"I really, really want to prove to my kids their mother is strong," Celine Dion said.
Is that you, Simon Cowell?
Double congrats are in order!
"No matter what we face in our lives, we can respond with greatness. And that's an incredible power."
The backseat of James Corden's car turned into the hot seat for Nick Jonas.
Who knew steak and eggs were the secret to longevity?!
Would you have agreed to do this?
Jaden's scar makes him feel self-conscious sometimes, but it also makes him want to spread his message: "This is what happens when you don't wear a helmet."
Looking sharp, Al!
"I was seven months pregnant in these photos and loved every moment."
We always forget about #2
You don't have to stop enjoying food to eat clean.
"Lack of time is a big reason people say they don't exercise consistently."
Top that!
The outfit options are endless!
You know the one.
Another example of why you should always listen to your mother.
A large new study confirms that exercising cuts risk for 13 types of cancer.
"There is such a long history of women just putting up with stuff, and not being taken seriously when they make complaints about things like heels, or skirts or makeup."
"What keeps me going is how he still flicks his tail every time he sees me come in to his kennel, even though I know he's hurting."
"I wanted to scream to the world that we were pregnant, and this video was my way of doing that."
"I respectfully ask that you let my kids be kids."
"I want Tish — and all girls — to see themselves as activists instead of victims, and as shapers of culture instead of products of it."
WATCH: We can't believe how young Tom Cruise looks in this 1986 TODAY interview for "Top Gun," which turns 30 this year!
Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin may have gone their separate ways, but they're still up for fun outings with their kids.
Hoda Kotb shared some meaningful words of advice with Tulane University graduates Saturday. #MindfulMondays
Should you pay a flat tipping rate or a percentage? Here's what to know.
Making friends can be a challenge – and it gets even harder as we age.   Have you made new friends in midlife? Or have you struggled to find a new clique? Share your thoughts about making friends as you get older in the comment section below and you could be featured in a TODAY post!
Amen!
Find out who was considered for Tom Cruise's role in Top Gun!
WATCH: At Tulane University's graduation, Hoda Kotb shared one of the best lessons she's ever learned... and it came from a stranger.  Watch her full speech here: http://on.today.com/1ZXMude.
Christina Aguilera is every woman. It's all in her.
These pandas can't "leaf" this basket alone!
We're all smiles when it comes to this chocolate chip cookie brittle!  Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/2564kSh
Matthew McConaughey is more than just an "alright, alright, alright" kind of guy.
Jennifer Nettles sounded amazing this morning!
We've never seen the royals do this before!
WATCH: This little girl is defying the odds with every step.
Ready for baby no. 2? The former Saturday Night Live star told TODAY why he's excited for his son to be a big brother
Now THIS is how we battle a case of the Mondays.
We'll do anything to make mornings less frantic!
Remembering Jim Henson, who died on this day in 1990.
This is awesome.
It's bound to be a good Monday: Jason Sudeikis is here!
Do you think the news station handled this the right way?
What looks like unprovoked violence may not be, even when caught on camera.
Here's what you need to know about this common skin condition.
Celebrity favorites, drugstore prices.
Curious what Seinfeld's apartment cost? We have that answer, too.
One thing you might learn about Hoda Kotb in the powerful speech: She got rejected by 27 news directors while trying to find a job after college.
What does it mean to be middle-aged?  We'll be exploring that in an upcoming series. But first, we want to know what YOU think.
"My point wasn't about the sizes. It's about the disparity in sizing between men and women."
Here are four companies to know about, if so.
"From day one, during all her struggles, she has remained steadfast that she doesn't want to focus on the negative in life."
How do you stay healthy on a budget?
Grab the tissues!
We would never think of #2 on our own... but we're definitely going to try it!
We were scared of this thing as kids, but it will seriously revolutionize and speed up your cooking!
This little baby bison showed this wolf who's the boss!
Look as confident as you feel!
In the powerful, emotional speech, Sheryl Sandberg opened up about the "sudden and unexpected" death of her husband.
"It was kind of like having a child that you had to take care of who just had really sharp teeth."
Willie Geist discusses Hillary Clinton's assertion that if elected, she will declassify government files about alien life. Share your thoughts below!
What better way to start off your week than with some great music?
Willie Geist is live sharing behind-the-scenes details about his story on The Onion. Share your questions here! #SundayTODAY
We'll take seconds… and thirds!
Which graduation speech was your favorite?
We asked industry insiders to share their personal faves.
YUMMMM!!!
"If you survive anything in your life, who cares what it is, if you're still standing, you get four words: 'You can't scare me,'" Hoda Kotb said.
These dye jobs look more chic than crazy!
Matt Lauer has interviewed Michael Phelps many times over the years, but something was a little different when he sat down with the decorated Olympian recently.   The full story Sunday at 7/6c on NBC's limited series 'On Assignment.'
He was on vacation with his family when a dermatologist told him to get a mole checked out. Now he's trying to find her to thank her.
*Groans*
"Mommy can fix this..."
Myth #1: Something will smell "clean" when it is clean.
Here's what nail salon staff wants you to know.
All you need is two dumbbells and 10 minutes
We couldn't be happier for this family!
"In healthy children, there is no evidence supporting the benefits of a gluten-free diet."
As if we didn't love Meghan Trainor enough before!
"Our due dates are so close, our pregnant tummies look exactly the same."
Bethenny Frankel and Eric Stonestreet opened up about those romance rumors.
Something tells us this isn't going to work out…
It's the end of an era at Disneyland!
WATCH: Check out some of the bloopers from our "100 Years of National Parks" series this week, which prove you really need to expect the unexpected on vacation … especially when tents are involved.
WATCH: We took a peek inside Hoda's make-up bag and learned the secret to telling the Property Brothers apart. Catch up on this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange.
Can you ever really be JUST friends?
"To see dad and how happy he was, I realized what I'm doing means a lot to him, and I realized how good and pure that was."
"His dad's loss has been tough on him and he works so hard at the restaurant because it's his link to his dad."
Guess what process these 3 photos describe? (And, yes, it often involves a M-E-L-T-D-O-W-N!)
You look gorgeous either way, Gwen Stefani!
Hello, nightmare.
Mango gives this cocktail a tropical twist! #HappyHour  Get the recipe here: http://on.today.com/27krz9O
"Rather than stay stuck due to unhealthy coping mechanisms I have chosen to take time to reflect holistically on my health and life."
"The fact that we got a shot with them all sleeping at the same time in one bowl is a flat-out miracle."
Go, "Rally Cat," go!
To see what the boy and his puppy have in common, watch… and prepare for happy tears.
How many sit ups can YOU do?
"I learned I didn't have to process emotion. I could keep myself numb if I was on substances."
"It made me find happiness again…I owe her more than words will ever be able to explain."
The last one might make laundry a pleasant experience. Well, almost.
Gah! It makes you feel like you're actually on the coaster!
We were happy to see tip #3!
We can't get over this little one!
Are you guilty of these skin care sins?  Ageless Beauty was created with our sponsor Olay
Remember this pic the next time you think about leaving a skimpy tip!
After a study found several contestants from The Biggest Loser have gained the weight back, Bob Harper came by to explain why that can happen.
Which fast foods look as good in real life as they do on TV – and which are "sad"?
Watch it, Matt Lauer!
"After Sandy Hook, everyone thought this was a watershed moment, (and) something would be done,'' Katie Couric told TODAY.
Here's a holiday we can't help but celebrate!
Julia Roberts has witnessed a lot over her time in Hollywood — including George Clooney's dancing.
Meghan Trainor's in the house!
"The only way I had to thank them was by giving them a medal and hopefully that means enough."
Who do you think she looks like? Ryan, Eva…or Ellen DeGeneres?
"It's business," Sharon Osbourne said of the appearance.
Check out which artists will be performing live this summer on TODAY!
"The Biggest Loser" host Bob Harper is in our Facebook Live Booth. What exercise and weight loss questions do you have for the fitness expert? Ask now and he may answer yours.
No tips meant big problems for this restaurant.
Look who's in our Orange Room this morning: The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper!
Penguins had a new reason to march after hearing this singer's voice!
Celine Dion, Blake Shelton and more of your favorite artists are headed to TODAY!   See who's coming to the plaza this summer for the Citi Concert Series! http://on.today.com/1TBYUTK
"It doesn't sound like my voice at all," Donald J. Trump said.
Looking sharp, Matt Lauer and Al!
Now all they need is for mom to join in the fun!
(Prince) charmed, we're sure!
Let those toes fly free!
"Something as simple as a suit can turn someone's life around."
#11 is such a sweet idea!
We've all made those pre-kid pledges ... but they don't always hold up!
Apparently this cat doesn't need 9 lives!
Find out when you can buy them!
After creating a dance video and having Timberlake share it on Twitter, this mom said: "When I saw JT tweeted it, there were lots of expletives of joy."
Congratulations, Mr. and Mrs. Stowe!
"In that moment, I decided to love again – completely."
Keith Urban's serenade wasn't necessarily romantic, but it was a lot of fun.
These cheerful furry pals love their homemade amusement park!
"Some kids came up to me saying they feel like they can do anything now. They may not realize, but I've known that all along."
Work-at-home parents, this one's for you. Courtesy of Bon Jovi and The Holderness Family.
"I am difficult to buy for, because I can sort of buy what [I] want, and because I'm sort of picky about things."
These are ALMOST too pretty to eat…
"No, (I wasn't mad). I was laughing."
WATCH: Couple gets married live on TODAY — 6 years after they met on the plaza! http://on.today.com/1ZJYQFU
"To anyone that runs into obstacles, just persevere," the newly-minted grad said. "If it's important, don't give up."
Why this mom loves the photo she took of her husband and son: it shows that "it is okay to get naked with your son and nurture him ... the important thing is really taking care of your kiddos."
"Vincent, I love you to the moon and back," his mom wrote. "You are the most selfless 7-year-old I have ever known."
Minutes before walking down the aisle in Studio 1A, she got all glammed up!
Looking good, Carrie Underwood and George Clooney!
It's super cute – and potentially lifesaving!
WATCH: See this adorable toddler try to outcrawl a stampede of pug puppies! http://on.today.com/1XjMlSN
No offense Meghan Trainor, but moms are the best at saying "no." Just watch…
Visit Harry Potter's childhood home before it magically disappears!
Chip and Joanna Gaines just gave us another reason to visit Waco!
"It's been living in you for 9 months. And all of a sudden it's in your hands and on your tummy and at your breast and in your crib, and it's growing before your eyes and you go, 'What did I ever think was a miracle before this?'"
It's a nice day for a TODAY wedding!
"Violet's birth is a testament to our belief that love is stronger than hate."
We'd leave those vases out all year long!
"I'm fitting in something that tells a woman she's an extra-large and that's ridiculous."
No, we're not crying. You're crying.
We love what Justin Timberlake has to say about fatherhood.
No anchors were hurt while riding the tandem bikes, right Sheinelle Jones and Dylan? #FindYourPark #NationalParksTODAY
Confession: We weren't cleaning it enough.  Are you?
"I believe my sister. This was always true as a brother who trusted her, and, even at 5 years old, was troubled by our father's strange behavior around her," Ronan Farrow wrote.
It's a party on TODAY's Take this morning!
Yessss, John Legend.
Most parents kiss child-free weekends goodbye when growing their family…but not these two.
The former vice president also revealed why he thinks Donald J. Trump is more qualified than Hillary Clinton.
Jeff Rossen crashed a shopping cart into his own SUV to see if Fix It Pro can really fix scratches like it does in the ads.
Concerned about reports that some "first foods" can be choking hazards?   Here are safe and tasty recommendations from a pediatrician and mom of 3!
Actor Scott Patterson (aka Luke Danes) assured fans that the Gilmore Girls revival hasn't "lost any of its original charm."
Cover-ups, swimsuits, leggings and more!
What all the diseases have in common is underlying systemic inflammation.
All blonds are not created equal!
"You're trying to save your child's life. You shouldn't have to worry about where you're going to get your food or if you're going to lose your house."
"It's so shameful and hard to actually go through that, even privately."
This golfer just scored the ultimate "birdie"!
WATCH: Parents donate $130,000 to kids with cancer to honor daughter Kylie, who passed away at the age of 2. http://on.today.com/1seCdPE
"The love and respect I have for this man is boundless."
"I think God accepts me for me."
"We're trying to make these kids realize they, too, can go to college."
Which of the four "Roots" stars who reunited on TODAY has never seen the show?
WATCH: After being born with a hole in his diaphragm, Chad wasn't expected to survive. But thanks to his NICU nurses, he did!  See the 10-year-old's touching reunion with his nurses on TODAY! http://on.today.com/1VTo1rj
You may need to ask your mom for help on this one.
"It's right for me, because I honestly, at this point today, have no idea what I'm doing with the rest of my life."
"I just thought that I would be more sad if I stayed home. I thought if I could get some low-income families and kids to come, it would make me feel happy to see the kids and help them have a fun day."
"They were our friends at the time when we didn't have time for friends. It's hard to even express the gratitude that I feel for them."
You look amazing, Meghan Trainor!
Yes, there's a house amidst those trees – and it looks amazing after its remodel!
"Hey Discovery Girls Magazine, why not include diet tips/surgical options with this?" one woman sarcastically wrote in response to the article.
We're not sure how we feel about this…
Fix your floors in no time!
This means war, Ellen DeGeneres.
B.J. Novak is here!
Next stop in TODAY's celebration of the National Parks Service's centennial: Alcatraz Island and Sequoia National Park! #FindYourPark #NationalParksTODAY
Good morning, Kate Beckinsale!
"I've always been independent. So I just wanted to go back to what I had."
They look great on TV, but do these products really work?
"Whether we like it or not, he has earned the right to make his case to the American people," Marco Rubio said about Donald J. Trump.
#5 is genius!
This is a "strawberry cheesecake" we can feel good about having for breakfast.
"Saved by the Bell" fans, rejoice!
We love the new color scheme!
"Body positivity is important because you are given one life, one body, one chance. So why waste time hating parts of yourself because others say it isn't right?"
"I come home in the morning light / My mother says, 'Why don't you make the same as a guy?'"
#5 is probably not going to happen, but we could handle the rest!
You got this!
"I'm never anywhere alone!! ... and I love it."
"While holding him she noticed his teeth looked 'lived-in' and not the bright whites of a child, but she did not think anything of it."
The King of Beers is getting a patriotic makeover this summer. Let us know what you think of it in our TODAY poll!
WATCH: "No scale or body size can ever determine your self-worth." http://on.today.com/1Xk07oi
"Look where I am!"   "Please tell me you're not in someone else's dorm."
"I've never seen a sushi restaurant refuse to serve a pregnant woman, or a grocery store refuse to sell soft cheese, so ordering wine shouldn't be any different."
"It's basically like laying on top of a watermelon."
"I know it's just a dress, just material, but when you're a bride who can't wear the dress you love on the day you've been dreaming about for forever, it's hard."
"There's nice and then there's Iowa nice."
"But MOOOOOOOOM!"
Kaley Cuoco had a special announcement to make on The Late Late Show with James Corden.
"When you think back on the chaos of what it means to have children of all ages running amok in your home ... you'll think, 'Man. Those were the days.'"
Dealing with infertility is really hard, especially when you keep seeing all those cute pregnancy announcements. Here's how one couple turned their tears into laughter… and found their own happy ending.
It's the running of the pugs!
Under current FDA labeling, you can call Pop-Tarts and fat-free pudding healthy, but not salmon, nuts or avocados.
"This is big, but we still believe that our God is bigger."
Bookmark this boozy iced tea for upcoming parties. #BoozeDayTuesday
Prince purchased the home as a wedding present for his wife at the time.
"The craziest thing I've experienced is a lot of males' [criticisms]. And the last time I checked, there were not a lot of males carrying babies."
This might change what you eat for dinner tonight!
WATCH: These three take cuddling to a new (adorable) level! http://on.today.com/21EOkBd
We can help, Chrissy Teigen!
The Property Brothers always have the best ideas!
WATCH: Shriek, shriek, shriek, shriek!  Check out this 360-degree tour of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York's "Psycho" house — on the roof! Just click and drag to look around! http://on.today.com/1YNJfV6
There was no crying … but plenty of smiles!
It looks like the Property Brothers could use a little help when it comes to roasting marshmallows!
Watch Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani belt out what Shelton called one his most "brutally honest" songs yet.
Happy 56th birthday, Bono!
If you keep makeup around for several months (or years), you'll want to read this.
Property Brothers Jonathan Silver Scott and Drew Scott are hanging out in our Facebook Live Booth. What questions do you have?
See the stunning beauty above (and below) the earth's surface! #NationalParkTODAY #FindYourPark
We love Meghan Trainor even more for this!
The same process that gives you strong tires could give you younger-looking skin.
As marijuana increasingly becomes legal across the U.S., more drivers are getting into fatal accidents while high on pot.
"I truly didn't know what I was missing. The world is even more beautiful than I thought it was."
Matt and Al took in an amazing #TODAYsunrise over White Sands National Park Monday! #NationalParkTODAY #FindYourPark
Where do you plan to retire?
Do you have a special little Frankie, Rose or Mason in your life?
We can't wait to fire up the grill!
Summer barbecues, here we come!
"Look what my 2 babies did…They made me happy."
After Amy Schumer was left unnerved by an encounter with a fan, we started wondering: How should we greet our favorite celebs?
"She's become a mascot in the nursing home — her friends call her a star."
"What happens when the bakery says they don't have time to make your daughter a birthday cake? You get involved and smash one out yourself!"
Congratulations, Brie Larson!
We'd be happy to wake up and smell the coffee in that kitchen any day!
"I saw just happiness.... He didn't have any fears toward her at all. He's not ever like that."
WATCH: 5-year-old Alex Tuck suggested to his mom that they start a lemonade stand to aid victims of wildfires in Fort McMurray, a municipality in Alberta, Canada. Alex's efforts have earned nearly $2,600 and are moving his neighbors and fellow Canadians to tears.
All you need is Tupperware!
The 167,000-pound challenger was the biggest opponent of the WWE star's career!
WATCH: It's that easy!
What an inspiration! Anaya has proven she can do anything she sets her mind to.
WATCH: A 79-year-old veteran, who went missing from his Arizona home nearly 10 years ago, has been found alive in California and reunited with this family.
John Legend's tribute to new mom Chrissy Teigen was the sweetest!
One day potatoes are good for you, the next they're not. What's the real deal?
It's the latest body art for Justin Bieber, who hasn't exactly shied away from ink in the past.
We're thinking about Carrie Underwood and her recent CMT Music Award nomination. Here are some powerful words to live by from the talented country superstar. #MindfulMondays
Spring is here! This season, Crocs is looking on the sunny side and finding the fun in life's everyday moments. Now it's your turn!  Snap a photo that shows how you #FindYourFun and share it with us! Or show us your favorite fun idea for a rainy spring day – because you can never have too much fun!
"We can rule the galaxy as father and son. If you refuse to join me, then you must fight me."
This totally changes the game for caramelizing onions!
WATCH: This couple's Harry Potter wedding is magically amazing.
Picnic season is here and we can't wait to bring these with us!
Your job's a joke, you're broke – but you still manage to live in a very pricey pad.
WATCH: We're in love, we're in love and we don't care who knows it!
Tom Brokaw has a key piece of advice for anyone who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Carrie Underwood and Blake Shelton are among the nominees!
TODAY is celebrating 100 years of National Parks!   Check out Jenna Bush Hager and Natalie's outdoor adventures at Florida's Biscayne National Park, Dry Tortugas and the Everglades. #NationalsParksTODAY
The pair "mutually agreed" that Ozzy Osbourne would move out of their home.
Ellen DeGeneres included a little more of Matt Lauer than we normally see.
Get ready, country fans. Thomas Rhett is here!
See the controversial video of a baby learning to swim that has parents talking.
"It's a huge shame that she's not here, but I hope she'd be incredibly proud of what we've managed to achieve."
Happy Monday, Jodie Foster!
This man created the ultimate Coldplay tribute – one selfie at a time!
WATCH: Jenna Bush Hager attempted to set her sister up with Prince Harry — and we love her for trying!
A whole new way to hug.
Yes, there is a right way!
We may not truly understand what depression feels like, but there are ways we can help our friends and loved ones.
"Initially it was a fake commercial for a fake app, but then we were like, what if we really made the app?"
Hate it when your chicken comes out dry? Make sure it doesn't happen again!
"I just want to pee with the door closed. That would be the greatest gift of all." Kim Holderness of The Holderness Family was dreaming big for Mother's Day.
Mesh underwear and a whole lot of love. Happy  Mother's Day.
WATCH: Chelsea Handler got real about why her life (and Instagram feed) is an open book. See more of her interview: on.today.com/1TNU20p
"The world looks different and you are somehow even more grounded in it, more connected than ever before."
Check this list before you head to the grocery store this weekend.
Show some love to all the hard-working single moms this Mother's Day weekend!
Happy Mother's Day!on.today.com/1T2JgmU
"I tease her to make her laugh, because I just adore hearing her laugh."
"These are people — soldiers — 15 different nations, that I've served in Afghanistan with. We've all signed up to serve our country, and some of us have been less fortunate than others."
This Mother's Day weekend, let's raise a glass (of Tab) to the amazing 1970s moms, who would have laughed themselves silly at the idea of "helicopter parenting."
"I don't care about glossing over stuff, or being on the periphery of something," Chelsea Handler said.
"We try to brace ourselves for impact. We know it's coming. It comes around every year. And every year it stings a bit more than the last. Because every year it serves as a reminder of what we don't yet have."
Willie Geist is live! Watch him discuss his interview with Chelsea Handler — and share your questions!
Happy Mother's Day from our family to yours!
"I think it's the greatest thing that I've ever had the chance to do."   By NBC News Brand Studio and JOHNSON'S baby.
With summer airfare hitting a seven-year low, now's the time to book your ticket to Rio.
There's still time to whip up the perfect brunch.
Science says you should book that beach vacation you've been dreaming about.
Be your own hair colorist!
WATCH: This sparkling raspberry lime sangria will be a big hit at brunch! on.today.com/sparklingrosesangria
"Every day is just watching them grasp onto something and learn something. It blows your mind," Justin Timberlake said.
It's Lyme Disease Awareness Month….the ticks are coming. Here's what you need to know.
Add a personal touch this Mother's Day with Martha Stewart's DIY gifts
Congratulations, Michael Phelps and Nicole Johnson!
Find the perfect recipe for mom!
You may have heard about The Biggest Loser problems but all is not lost. Most people can keep the weight off.
Mom always knows best!
Yes, you need to clean your pillows! on.today.com/1UyS4mN
"As we rightly celebrate motherhood, we should give special thanks to the women who are raising children on their own. And let's vow to do more to support them, every day."
"I'll have a beautiful wedding dress, 'cause I didn't have a big, long wedding dress when we got married and we've got a suit for him, so we're going to dress up and take a bunch of pictures."
This kid is the best Hide-and-Seeker ever!
We're wishing these awesome moms a Happy Mother's Day!
Shopping for a used car? Steer clear of the dealer lot on Mother's Day, Father's Day and the Fourth of July.
Mariah Carey started her Mother's Day celebrations a little early this year.
Cooking was a family affair today!
"Part of slowing down for me, as a parent, means embracing the fact that there is no Instagram filter for real life or real joy or real mess."
This mint julep is Triple Crown worthy! #HappyHour
If mom's a fan of pancakes, she's going to love this giant one!
"The dog has been a real blessing. The dog has been great for Seph in every single way."
Logan, Jess or Dean?
"I think it's important to speak out and say, 'I think I need some help. I can't do this by myself.'"
"How do you let a 7-year-old fool you? She was in your custody as trusted professionals. Plus there were misspellings and the note wasn't even signed."
Attention all Potterheads: Behold, the wedding of your dreams.
"I knew I could look up, look to my right, look to my left, look in the bleachers, and there she was, always. Always."
People in the "normal" range of weight live longer, the researchers found.
Indulge in a healthier happy hour this weekend.
Adorable handmade cards? Yes. Expensive jewelry? Nah, save your money and just let mom sleep. What do YOU want this Mother's Day?
"I ain't gonna be cooking all day ... I ain't gonna do your laundry."
"Never let anyone else's pics make you feel insecure about yourself."
"As soon as I opened the package I started laughing because I could already tell how cheaply it was made."
"Let's work harder, look closer and do everything we can not to enable and in doing so, disable, our loved ones who are ill. This is what it sounds like when we all cry."
WATCH: Meet the anchors' mothers and find out who Matt Lauer calls his "favorite guest in the last five years" with this week's #SliceOfOrange!
WATCH: Every day is bring your child to work day thanks to a new policy in North Dakota that allows moms to bring their babies to work.
These "Bad Moms" have some sweet husbands!
"That is the No.1 question I get asked about the show."
"I love her to death, she is my best friend and any look of disappointment from your best friend you want to fix."
Behold the power of moms! There were so many happy tears after the surprise reunions between the TODAY anchors and their moms.  "This is the craziest thing ever," Carson said.  (TODAY's Parenting Team is brought to you by our sponsor JOHNSON'S baby. #LittleWonders)
Aww!
Let's be real, everyone wins when puppies are involved!
Keep wads of money in your socks or bra? This store won't accept it.
"If you do decide to go on a prescription to help yourself, understand that the world wants to shame you for that, but in the medical community, you would never deny a diabetic his insulin."
"Faith requires faith … Just because things don't work out the way that you hoped they would, doesn't mean that God isn't still in charge."
"It's poking fun at this unrealistic, unattainable, idea of being a perfect mom that we've all felt," Kristen Bell said of Bad Moms.
Ah, sibling love.
One private investigator says he believes local police should take a second look at the facts.
The dimples! The cheekbones! We get it!
Hear the new song, "Can't Stop the Feeling!"
We surprised our anchors with their moms (and Al Roker's sister) for Mother's Day!
Did your baby's name make the list?
"Before kids, you had to log serious time on the treadmill to break a sweat. Now you're dripping sweat from the chaos of getting the kids out the door and strapped into their car seats."
"Ali, too many people have been conditioned to play it safe in a world that longs for courageous dreamers and risk takers."
OK, procrastinators. (Dads, kids: this is you.) We are handing you these great ideas so you can save Mother's Day by making Mom a homemade gift she's gonna love.
Check out Amazon's summer toy picks!
The new essie bottle doesn't look like this.
In case you missed it, dozens of brands are affected, including Trader Joe's.
The "SNL" legend has been honing his Trump impression.
"My mom taught me there is no 'best' when it comes to beauty. It takes all forms and she taught me that the key to tapping into it is confidence."
WATCH: Here's the 1-second trick to rocking an off-the-shoulder top. http://on.today.com/1rvAgxI
The Tanners are back — again!
Yet another reason to plan that beach vacation.
Looking for a new job? Here's where employees are happiest.
"Please refrain, just for one night, from getting any new teeth and/or illnesses, vomiting, bloody noses, anxiety attacks, nightmares, and/or freaking out about lost socks or other acts of God. JUST KEEP IT TOGETHER."
There's a new Instagram champion in town.
American Girl's latest move means more girls can have dolls that are just like them.
A complete Cinco de Mayo feast!
Luna is only a few weeks old, but she's already helped host her first crab boil — and grandma has the proof!
Oprah's more serious than ever about her health and she's taking it outside.
Who danced it best?
Life changes in wonderful ways after you have a kid.   Add a picture of you and your child in the comments or with #LittleWonders, a hashtag from our sponsor JOHNSON'S baby, and tell us about one of those little special moments you've enjoyed together.   We may use it tomorrow on the broadcast and on TODAY.com, and Johnson's could use it online.
WATCH: This military mom-of-3 who battled cancer while pregnant went on to breastfeed her baby after a mastectomy, and has inspired so many around the world. See how her husband (with the help of TODAY) honored her this Mother's Day.
"She wasn't trying to make any type of statement with her hair. She was just being 9."
WATCH: Ida Keeling is 100 years old and holds a world running record! http://on.today.com/1QTi3yH
"It was one of those moments you can't put into words."
"I love what I do, but I feel like I relied on my career a lot for my self-worth. I'm a mother and a wife and have this whole other thing going on."
WATCH: This 5-year-old gets a pink, 3-D printed prosthetic hand — and hope for riding a bike.
WATCH: See what the TODAY anchors think of this over-the-top "platinum" donut. #CincodeMayo
"Do I still work full time and want to progress my career? Absolutely. But it will not come at the expense of these two little people."
WATCH: Melissa Joan Hart and Robin Givens discuss how motherhood changes everything.
Just in time for Mother's Day!
"They're tiny, drunk animals …. They are the center of my life. They're the first thing I think about when I wake up in the morning, and they're the last thing I think about before I go to bed at night."
Can we make it Cinco de Mayo every day?
See her funny pet name for him!
Ah, we'll always treasure these kid-made portraits of mom… especially when they make us laugh this hard. Share your own in the comments and see more at Mommy Shorts.
When Channing Tatum said he'd date a woman with autism, Carly Fleischmann joked that her lawyers were working on his "divorce papers."
"Mrs. Holen is probably the most understanding, helpful person that you'll find."
This study turns us all into 10 year-olds. What words do you find gross?
WATCH: You have to see the "SNL" legend's Hillary Clinton impression. http://on.today.com/1WKZpQw
As far as obnoxious selfies go, this one was a home run.
Attention, Magic Mike fans: this is no strip tease!
"I pray as a mother I teach you strength and passion to carry through the struggles in the world," Britney Spears wrote.
The polo match raised money for a cause close to Princess Diana's heart.
SORTEDfood is here in our Facebook Live Booth. Ask them your cooking questions!
"It's going to be a good change of pace, a good lifestyle," Natalie Morales said.
Here's your chance to hear George Clooney sing backup on "Hollaback Girl."
Some exciting news from Natalie Morales! More: http://on.today.com/1q1NLUl
"In retrospect, it's something that I would not want to undertake again," trial judge Belvin Perry said.
This dad appears to have mastered the art of multitasking!
"She never had that experience and she's risked so much throughout my life and made so many sacrifices."
Our mouths are watering!
Because you spend hours sleeping (and drooling) on your pillow every night!
Only Halle Berry could make a bowl cut look glamorous.
We might keep some of these decorations up all year long!
Just because something is all natural, it doesn't mean it doesn't cause side effects, doctors want to remind you.
Do you keep your ketchup on the counter or in the fridge?
"I kind of lost the sense of who I was."
Because CHEESE!
This is a buddy cop movie waiting to happen.
Don't pee all day until 10 p.m., don't eat or sleep until you're delirious, try swaddling an octopus — and other tips about the best ways to prep for the arrival of a new baby.
Adam's in pregnancy solidarity with wife Behati, and takes a selfie to prove it.
This little boy is winning hearts with this soccer move!
So many happy tears! And this mom sure deserves the special attention she received today.
"You never know what you can do for someone until you try."
"He always falls to sleep putting Willow to bed."
"I'm not a lightning rod, but I can and will speak out to help others who are afraid to speak out."
Hoping to hit the jackpot tonight? Read this before claiming your prize.
"We had all the students out in the hallways and elsewhere, and we basically had 20 minutes to do it."
"I love the way I look and I won't support anyone who would feel a need to change the way I look to make me beautiful."
"What I didn't understand is the depth of what [Nick] was going through."
"Skip the breakfast in bed, the body lotion and the kitchen appliances. Give me something that make me laugh, smile or feel a bit pampered."
Because the last thing you want when hugging someone is cold hands…
Have an amazing mom? Click below, add a photo and let us know about her — We might feature her on air and online Friday!
"The reaction to her passing, the people who are shocked at her senseless absence, is a testament to how she steered her life with joyous, wicked curiosity."
The new floors are something different!
"She was a year-and-a-half, naked on the trampoline with a bowl of frozen grapes."
No. 1: Parents need training, too.
The goose was loose!
Watch the close call!
Where do you like to unwind with a drink? Take our TODAY poll!
"I will have to, in a good way, spend the rest of my life trying to fill that void as much as possible."
We are remembering the elegant Audrey Hepburn, who would have been 87 today.
WATCH: As a teacher fights cancer for the fourth time, she isn't doing it alone.
"This mark of evil…also radiates the very essence of survival."
Like father, like son!
WATCH: This toddler can climb herself into bed every night - thanks to a group of strangers.
Do you remember the first time you saw a jack-in-the-box?   This boy will!
We loved having Savannah's mom in the TODAY kitchen this morning!  Find her recipe for fried chicken here: http://on.today.com/26T4Gdp.
WATCH: Savannah's mom is dishing out her fried chicken recipe - and we can't wait to try it!
See Gina Rodriguez's new look!
Why not have a little leave to care for your fuzziest family members?
"Honestly, there are some people I really don't want," Donald J. Trump told Matt Lauer and Savannah of the Republican Party.
These young men are giving back to their community – one lawn at a time.
WATCH: This granny jumped out of a plane for her 90th birthday.
A beautiful brunch worthy of mom!
That master bathroom is luxurious!
Flowers, jewelry or sleep? Moms, play this game of "would you rather"… Mother's Day edition.
You look great, Kristin Cavallari!
With sections such as "Degree programs I did not get into," "Awards and scholarships I did not get," and "Research funding I did not get," this prof details the times when his efforts somehow fell short.
Congratulations, Kate Upton and Justin Verlander!
"I definitely don't need the clutter … no matter how grateful I may be for the loving intentions behind them."
This big-batch guacamole will get the party started!
"He gave me a chance to live a second life."
"It's one of those stories you read about in a book or see on TV, and we're living it."
A study tracked 14 of the "Biggest Loser" contestants and found 13 of them had gained the weight back.
Is Carrie Underwood's son going to be getting a little brother or sister in the near future?
"I was a very shy girl, so I felt this instant connection with Barbie. She was a way for me to dream."
"People smile at babies everywhere, except on planes!"
Bae watch!
Baby bumps on board!
What '90s trends do you miss most?
"At the end of the day, it's not about unreal women and real women — we're all real women, we all have bodies."
Here's a comedy for any mom who's ever felt that all the moms around her have a secret rule book she was never given.
WATCH: 6 decades later, an adopted brother meets the siblings he never knew he had.
"At the end of the day, it's not about unreal women and real women — we're all real women, we all have bodies."
Tip #2: Any concert T-shirt.
"I thought, we're done, my family has had its share. And then I realized, you can't spend every day for months … praying to God, please let it be me, please let it be me, and then be pissed when it's you."
Now your fairy-tale wedding can be a reality – but it'll cost you.
Savannah Guthrie says she took this "cry it out" advice, and it didn't go well: "I cried myself to sleep all night long... for me, 2 months was too early."
WATCH: Go for a ride on Cedar Point's Valravn, the longest and fastest dive coaster in the world!
Here's what really happens when the stars align for one of the most exclusive events in fashion.
Can't sleep? Try these 3 tips.
We believe her!
See what it looks like now!
This gives new meaning to the term "I spy"!
What was supposed to be an ad promoting an Old Navy sale has stirred into something much greater.
WATCH: From classic to (kind of) crazy, here are the big looks from Monday night's Met Gala! http://on.today.com/1OcQYqk
"No matter what, we don't have our daughter back."
Lilliana Vazquez is here to help you shop for Mother's Day! Head to the TODAY's Take's Facebook page now to ask your gift questions — she may answer yours!
Thanks for the laughs, Chloë Grace Moretz!
Claire Danes looked like a futuristic Cinderella!
Cheers!
The cast of The Color Purple Musical is here — and they sound amazing!
Brighten up your mom's day with any of these gifts!
"I think of myself, prior to marriage and children, confidently asking people if they were going to have MORE children...I was potentially dangerous in my egocentric thinking."
"It was about a week into Ben's birth that reality hit – and it hit hard."  By our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby
"We might be changing his life tonight by taking him to prom and giving him this memory, but he's changed ours."
"I dress to suit myself. I certainly don't dress up for boys."
"It's so amazing to think about what Taylor's gone through, but I wouldn't change a thing about him."
"We might be changing his life tonight by taking him to prom and giving him this memory, but he's changed ours. Every day when we see him, he's happy. He's taught us how to be patient and live life to the fullest." http://on.today.com/1VHpOjf
"The idea of celebrating my new role as a mama is overwhelming and exhilarating … but that doesn't mean I wouldn't appreciate some postpartum pampering, too."
Al Roker's face is worth a thousand words.
Alyssa Milano shares what she has gained (patience) and lost (a social life) since becoming a mom. Parents, how has your own life changed with kids? Share your stories and photos with the TODAY Parenting Team: http://on.today.com/1X5g3e5
"There is no such thing as a domesticated lion."
There's still ink in there!
Faith Hill celebrated Tim McGraw's birthday with an adorable family photo.
Never make dry grilled chicken again!
Could there BE more "Friends" nostalgia?
Forget the exploding kind — this hoverboard is the real deal.
Did you know this trick existed?!
Because Mom deserves a good meal!

Macey's George W. Bush ventriloquist doll even came along for the ride.
WATCH: Little Tera is one lucky kitten!
What was your score?
Cutting down on salt can be rough, but a little planning goes a long way!
Happy birthday, David Beckham!
WATCH: Ouch! A stalled motorcycle caused a huge pileup at a bike race in New York over the weekend.
"When you start exercising the brain with meditation, that particular part of the brain … [is] going to be stronger."
Preach!  What would you add to the list?
Justin Bieber's new hairstyle is a big improvement!
This pooch's best friend is a stuff moose —until pizza comes into play!
Savannah (yes, Savannah!) was baking up a storm with Donatella Arpaia this morning!   Find Donatella's recipe for chocolate cheesecake here: http://on.today.com/1W3neVh.
We got a taste of this cheesecake and seriously couldn't stop eating it!!
Ouch!
"Let me go on the record and say that I can't regret it."
Luis Ortiz and Ryan Serhant from "Million Dollar Listing New York" are live in our Facebook booth!
Oh what a difference a year makes! Happy birthday, Princess Charlotte!
There's one big spot people often miss.
Find out what made Amy Schumer put an end to fan pics.
A Starbucks customer is demanding $5 million because she says they put too much ice in their cold beverages.
Happy birthday, Princess Charlotte!
WATCH: Five years ago today, Osama bin Laden was killed. Here's how TODAY covered the news nearly 10 years in the making.   "This is one of those news stories where I think people will stop and remember where they were when they heard the news that Osama bin Laden had been killed," Matt Lauer said at the time.
"I think your ring is beautiful. I believe that your love is bigger than your ring."
Their son died just weeks after he was born. Now the Johnston's are honoring him by helping other parents of struggling newborns make lasting memories.
Are your kids getting enough recess at school?
WATCH: We tried out the new Dyson hair dryer. See what we thought and learn more: on.today.com/1WTTw3F
If we can't go to Joanna Gaines, we'll be happy to have her come to us!
"Everything comes from the core. That's your balancing point. If that can be strong, your workouts are going to be stronger."
Clare Daly's story is an important reminder for Skin Cancer Awareness Month.
WATCH: Learn how one dad brings color and hope to kids in hospitals — by reusing unwanted crayons on.today.com/1Y15yXo
Want to travel across the pond? Try this royal guide!
"We were sad of course, but we tried to be humorous about it."
The new study found spanking often has the opposite result parents usually want.
Should Furbies and jelly shoes stay in the '90s?
She adopts babies no one else wants, so that no matter how brief their lives are, they will know love.
"It's as important to their healing as the medications that they receive."
WATCH: Willie Geist breaks down the highs and lows of the week, from the CEO of Chobani to one very special men's crop tops. #SundayTODAY
Just spent a lot of money on groceries? Make sure your food doesn't go bad!
Aww! Princess Charlotte is so adorable!
Willie Geist is live! What questions do you have for him about #SundayTODAY?
A child is reported to a poison control center about every 45 minutes after exposure to toxic laundry products.
Is the new Dyson hair dryer worth it?
Rhubarb makes us think of grandma, in the best way possible.
Current status = making sangria.
WATCH: These brothers (literally) have one another's backs! Learn more about their 111-mile walk to raise awareness for cerebral palsy: on.today.com/1rA9gxj
Duchess Kate can strike a pose!
*Adds to cart*
Sadly, we've ruined a cast iron pan or two. Don't make the same mistake!
WATCH: The Biggest Loser trainer Dolvett Quince shows us how to do a plank the right way: on.today.com/1qNTjT2
What was your craziest craving?
"Many women say they eventually have higher self-esteem, greater self-awareness and better awareness of cues of possible future infidelity."
Is your child greedy or giving?
Yes, there's another elusive panda hiding in a puzzle.
Tip #7 was news to us!
We were missing some steps…on.today.com/1WvuTtG
Yes, pancakes and muffins are on the list!
Is bleach ever OK? What you need to know.
When it comes to our moms, a simple "I love you" just doesn't feel sufficient.
One ingredient, three delicious desserts!
Padma Lakshmi is remembering Prince as "a huge influence" on her life.
"People who harbor anger and resentment are more likely to get ill, have cardiac disease, die early. So this is something you're doing for yourself."
This is the easiest dessert ever.
Should Furbies and jelly shoes stay in the '90s?
"Your waist is already tiny, I'm not sure why they felt the need to Photoshop, you're still a goddess either way," one user commented.
"You get caught up in life and you don't realize how precious a moment with a son or daughter is, and you don't realize what you're missing."
Prepare to relive your obsession with the 2002 hit movie.
It takes at least 3 weeks for a new habit to stick. Which healthy habits are you both willing and able to do?
Who's winning this showdown?
"There's a password and I have no idea what it is. She locks it up, and I have no idea why she does that."
We love that staircase, Carmen Electra!
Do you see it?
"Most of parenting in spring is just faking excitement over another dandelion present to you by your kids."
"Teenagers don't see wrinkles. They don't see frailty. They see someone new — someone they want to learn from."
"He is not my helper. He is my partner and my children's father."
"She's been my ultimate superhero, and I don't think I'd have made it this far without her."
WATCH:, Bobbie Thomas wrote a touching letter to her former self, sharing what she wishes she'd known about infertility.
"Connor was a great friend, a great son, and a light to the people lucky enough to know him."
Little Tera is one lucky kitten!
Happy five-year anniversary, Prince William and Duchess Kate!
WATCH: We threw it back to the '90s, and the anchors revealed their worst wardrobe malfunctions. Check out this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
"I'm nervous about everything," Catherine Giudici Lowe revealed.
WATCH: This couple turned misfortune into an unforgettable photo opportunity. http://on.today.com/1Tk87Qt
The Modern Family actress is going to attend...
"As women and as moms we try to do it all but it sure ain't easy."
"Egos were severely injured."
"You've got the mom shorts, baby. Too much sense to rock a thong. You've got the mom shorts, baby. Looser and a lot more long."
"I am lonely every Saturday night."
WATCH: The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus elephants are headed where all retirees go: Florida!
Their son died just weeks after he was born.   Now the Johnston's are honoring him by helping other parents of struggling newborns make last memories.
Simon Cowell's headed back to TV!
A.C. Slater and Jessie Spano are together again and it feels so right.
"Remind yourself that your body is doing its best, and all you can do is your best to support it. Ask for and accept help. It doesn't make you weak. It doesn't make you a failure," Bobbie Thomas wrote.
Five years ago today, Prince William and Duchess Kate tied the knot in a royal wedding for the ages! Watch how TODAY covered the royals' big day:
You're about to have some large company, bald eagle.
The prince is opening up to help his fellow veterans.
Prince had a huge influence on today's top musical artists — and Adam Levine was no exception.
One author has sparked quite the controversy with the idea.
"You can never have enough flannel," Willie Geist said about his '90s outfit.
Only divine intervention could stop this dispute — or a really good real estate attorney.
Salt N Pepa is back!
It's the end of an era!
Adam Levine's catching up on some reading in the Orange Room  this morning!
Dylan Dreyer can dance!  #ILoveThe90sTODAY is the perfect day for some awkward/amazing photos and videos of the TODAY anchors!
Happy anniversary, Will and Kate!
Say yes to #3!
We love these looks so much!
Here's what happened to the dress Princess Diana famously wore when dancing with John Travolta.
Get ready to learn the art of folding.
We've been using our fridge all wrong!
"When you're young, you're attracted to the 'bad boy,' only to find out that they're actually just bullies or insecure – you're attracted to fantasies."
"I was very suicidal at one point, and Sandy was the reason I kept fighting. When I would wake up in the morning and want to go back to sleep, he gave me a reason to get out of bed."
Calling all Girl Meets World and Fuller House fans!
What do you think of Kaley Cuoco's new look?
"We've had a peculiar life — one that is extraordinary in scope yet ordinary in the day-to-day."
"That's all we know: to love each other."
"A princess isn't a career to which one can aspire to be. It's just an adjective we throw at girls."
Try not to smile (really, just try)!
If these walls could talk!
WATCH: Think you know how to fold clothes? Marie "Konmari" Kondo shows how it's really done. http://on.today.com/1qYwMDc
"We try to make the best of the moments we have together because there will be times where I will miss a birthday, a first day of school."
Stop for a minute! Amy Grant is remaking her catchy 1991 hit.
"The success and happiness of your marriage and your life are about so much more than the ring on your finger."
A perfect dish for National Blueberry Pie Day!
"If you wouldn't allow your child on the back of a motorcycle, then don't... (but) don't call us bad parents for enjoying putting a smile on our kid's face every now and then with a motorcycle ride home after school."
He's not going to let one failed trip burst his bubble.
Find out the actress' favorite food combo!
…Should someone tell Kurt Russell?
A classic Italian dish made even easier!
Happy birthday, Property Brothers!
We would all be happy if our 'pregnancy glow' could last just a little longer…
It's #TakeYourKidToWorkDay and we're putting these kids to work!
Mother/daughter relationship goals!
Step 1: More avocado!
One small tattoo for Miley Cyrus, one giant astronomy lesson for all.
Thanks for stopping by, Kate Hudson!
We completely understand, Matt Lauer!
It's as simple as asking yourself one question.
Find out if there's a shade of difference between cheap sunglasses and the big-name designer brands.
Donald J. Trump doubled down on Hillary Clinton's use of "the woman card."
There was a lot about this poster that didn't sit well with University of Washington students.
"The adoption is a formality, honestly, because he's our child."
Save money by making your own at home!
Nick and Vanessa Lachey's backyard = life goals.
We've literally seen people fighting over Trader Joe's cauliflower rice.
Congratulations, Desiree Hartsock!
"You are a wonderful husband, father and friend — and you've managed to not age one day since I met you!"
Spray bottle? Check!
"We will not be bullied into changing our parenting style just because someone doesn't think it's appropriate."
"Becoming a parent changes us. Being a parent day in and day out changes us even more. This change unearths skills we never thought we had."
We'll try anything to make more space for snacks.
What you need to know if you've ever had a blistering sunburn.
Spanking might have the opposite effect parents want, a new study finds.
"There are highs and there are lows," Vanessa Hudgens said.
Yay or nay?
Witchcraft!
"It was the toughest thing I've ever done or will ever have to do in my life. But it was crazy and fun and I had my four best friends by my side the entire time, which helped ease the pain."
The tail of two bookish cats — and the librarian who loved them.
If only every administrative assistant's hard work were rewarded with a celebrity crush's visit!
"A lot of people don't realize how fast things happen for us, so a lot of it was instinct and reaction, more than training."
A hair dryer like you've never seen before.
"Stand there on that sideline along with the rest of us parents and support OUR boys and girls! ALL OF THEM. Win or lose. It's a game."
"I got so sentimental."
"There's nothing like a cute, strong firefighter holding a couple of tiny kitties he saved from a fire to make a lady's heart go pitty pat."
We look forward to hearing about Grace's first date when she's 36.
WATCH: A mom cat with a litter of kittens "adopts" an orphaned puppy after his mother was hit by a car. http://on.today.com/1TviKCD
WATCH: The cuteness at the San Diego Zoo just tripled.
"I remember some people telling me my nose was too big or my eyes were too small, that I could never be on a magazine cover," Gisele Bündchen revealed.
"With so many negative stereotypes and news stories surrounding foster care, we wanted to highlight only the positive."
John Krasinski and Jenna Fischer are still the cutest.
Get a start on lemonade sipping season, courtesy of Beyoncé.
Loving the new look, Emma!
JoJo's search for Mr. Right is on!
U-S-A. U-S-A. U-S-A.
WATCH: This baby's only a few weeks old – but she's already a record breaker! http://on.today.com/1XW7RLl
Good morning, Shawn Johnson and Kelley O'Hara!  http://on.today.com/1Tef59D
Who could say "neigh" to that face?!
WATCH: Melissa McCarthy and hubby Ben Falcone busted out their best (clean) jokes for Matt Lauer, and they had us laughing!
"It's crazy that I'm actually living my dream," Aly Raisman told TODAY.
Talk about putting your best foot forward.
He'll always be the king of our hearts!
The Band Perry is rocking the plaza this morning!
She's only a few weeks old and she's already broken a record!
Looking sharp, Ryan Lochte, Haley Anderson and Jordan Burroughs! #RoadToRio
Here's the real deal.
Beach balls and surfboards on the plaza can only mean one thing: 100 days to the Rio Olympics! #RoadToRio
"I was at the lowest place I've ever been," Michael Phelps said of the time before he checked into rehab
It may not be sexy, but you need fiber in your life!  Here's why and how much.
"We were getting ready to come in when we heard a big explosion, and the house just blew up. We ran over there immediately and it was burning like crazy, and then we realized the family was still inside."
Turn your veggies into a healthy start to the morning.
We weren't going about this the right way at all.
"Six months ago I would have said 'control your child' even though I've got children. But speaking to people with autism and disabled people has helped me think about how I can make it a better place to shop."
"It was one of the best days in my life."
Bobby had recently lost his mother when he was brought to a shelter with a cat who'd just given birth to a litter of five kittens.
Tip No. 13: When microwaving, hit 66 seconds.
"This kind of thing makes it all worthwhile," Coldplay responded to the video of the boy's sweet reaction.
"The von Trapps ain't got nothin' on us."
"I'm afraid one visit to a cosmetic dermatologist would be my gateway drug. I'd go in for a tiny, circumscribed lift and come out looking like a blowfish."
WATCH: This reunion touched our hearts – and we know it will touch yours, too: http://on.today.com/1QyU3Rb
"We turned it into a teaching moment and taught them that even if you don't agree with it, or understand it, you must respect authority."
Kay Jewelers is in hot water with angry customers.
This grandma-to-be totally loses it – and it's amazing.
"I'm kind of like the last person I want to watch."
This is the ultimate breakfast sandwich!
If the bed's a rockin', this mattress will let you know.
Happy 36th birthday, Channing Tatum!
You can't stop the beat — or Jennifer Hudson!
This cat is on the trip of a lifetime! (Nine lifetimes, to be exact.)
Zoodles are just as fun to eat as they are to say!
It's a Full House with Dave Coulier this morning!
Lady in red!
Key & Peele & kittens!
No gym required!
Ariana Grande and Jimmy Fallon just took lip syncing to a new level!
Matt Lauer: "The people in Indiana…your message come primary day there is to vote for…"  John Kasich: "I am not getting into that."
If hugging puppies is wrong, we don't want to be right!
Let's be real. There's nothing cuter than a kid in a robe.  Did your little one wear a robe? Share a pic in the comment section!
Jodie Sweetin's big sis on Fuller House gave her some real advice for Dancing with the Stars.
Pregnancy looks different on every woman — and that goes beyond the belly.
#4. When my twins were born, my dogs became dogs.  Does anyone else relate?
"My wheelchair was good practice for her."
"I hadn't embraced that part of myself. So I went on this little journey and I was like, you know, it's time to get over it."
Spoiler alert: You'll like these results.
"He's always so nice, and the fact that he just came out of nowhere and helped a man he doesn't even know have a meal says everything. That just shows the person that he is."
"This kid has waaaaaay more heart, is stronger and tougher than I could ever imagine. He can't talk much, but he did tell me, 'I love you' in sign language."
"Susie was a gift and she has certainly spurred a movement bigger than she'll ever know."
"It didn't just touch me — it's touching everybody."
"Brooklyn was instantly speechless as she handed him the cupcake. I explained to him that he makes our day every Thursday."
Have you been judged by others for a parenting decision you've made? Let us know what happened in the comments!
Sweet! No, like, REALLY sweet.
Because, sometimes you have to do Whatever It Takes to get your job done.
"For both of us, it's healing and rewarding to come in and see these families, much like us years ago — struggling, sad, heartbroken, trying to figure out what they can do to help the baby."
This dog's willing to lend a paw to just about any household chore.

It's the next best thing to being on Chip and Joanna Gaines' show!
Do you agree, Grey's Anatomy fans?!
You can't beat that location!
Flaky, cheesy and so easy to make!
WATCH: Jean Chatzky handled her shoe snafu this morning like a champ!
The seemingly immortal meme makes Gosling literally scream in a goofy new video.
WATCH: Zookeepers got an adorable surprise at the Prague Zoo last weekend!
"We continue to believe that this is the right thing for Target,'' the company told TODAY in response to the boycott.
What changes when you have kids? EVERYTHING. For Jenna Bush Hager, spring break with Poppy Lou is quite different from her college years.    Your turn! Share in the comments the one photo that best demonstrates how your life changed after you became a parent. We may use your pics on TODAY.    (The TODAY Parenting Team is brought to you by JOHNSON'S baby #LittleWonders)
"Yes, it's THAT Anthony Weiner."
Gloria Estefan is in the building!
Try saying this one simple phrase to change your whole day.
But you can pre-order it!
You do you, Chrissy!
A must-read for parents.
"I was just looking in the mirror, and I thought, 'I look my age.' And my next thought was, 'That's OK! What's wrong with that?'"
"I learned how to express myself through art and am so happy to be able to give that gift to other kids now."
"I couldn't have imagined it turning out any better." Learn more: on.today.com/248Qqej
It's true — some of the best skincare products can be found in the drugstore beauty aisle!
What's your pick for the most overrated tourist spot?
"You can rebuild your body at any age. You can learn something new or start a new life."
We know Bruce Springsteen loves a "Pink Cadillac," but Saturday he was all about "Purple Rain."
WATCH: Let this be your reminder to throw your sheets in the wash! on.today.com/1N94CM5
He is precious, Kelly Clarkson!
Ovarian cancer is so deadly because it's notoriously difficult to detect – this may be an important symptom women and doctors can look for.
"Let's get our heads together and change the conversation of mental health," Prince William said.
Happy birthday, Kelly Clarkson!
"I explained that one day, if they were lucky, they would work a job like that young lady. And I would hope that people would see them. Really see them. Look them in the eye and say thank you."
Prince performed "Let's Go Crazy," and spoiler alert: everyone went crazy.
"When I got into the colleges, I told my mom, I was like, 'Oh, these acceptance letters are as much mine as they are yours.'"
WATCH: Willie Geist breaks down this incredible clip of a reporter in Texas saving a drowning passerby. Watch more #SundayTODAY highs and lows: on.today.com/1VRSQfz
WATCH: Willie Geist talks about his interview with Ice Cube for #SundayTODAY!
We're definitely making this ASAP!
"I said, all right, what have I got to lose?"
See why!
Take your cooking to the next level!
"To everyone in the grocery store who saw my daughter licking the green peppers and putting them back: you're welcome for the reminder to wash your produce at home before eating it."
One of the strangest paths to callous-free feet we've discovered.
YESSSSSSSSSSS!
We're glad they're OK — and that they have happy news to share!
No. 2 is so obvious, but we often forget to do it!
Looking to spruce up your home this weekend? Martha Stewart has your back.
Your frantic search is over!
Are you bold enough to chop it all off?
Susan Sarandon sheds light on her spirited debate with Debra Messing.
For Earth Day and beyond!
We love what these brands are selling!
Chocolate and berries for breakfast? We're in.
Never end up at an overpriced, underwhelming restaurant again!
It's not every day you get a lesson from the master himself.
We're fascinated by the living room chandeliers….yet we kind of love them!
"I swore I would never be there again, be here again. I couldn't imagine a day again that I would weigh over 200 pounds."
WATCH: This man recorded his proposal with an aerial drone — and the footage is awesome. http://on.today.com/1VHOsQX
Want to raise financially responsible kids? Check out these tips.
Victoria's Secret announced that they're focusing on three "core merchandise categories."
We're taking notes from the Gilmore Girls stars!
*Squeals*
"Which ones do you want?"  "Always"  "Always what?"
"Being a working mother and ensuring both my job and my child get exactly what they need is the hardest thing I've ever done. But you managed to make it nearly impossible in a single afternoon."
The actor never says the line "You talkin' to me?" in interviews, but did Matt Lauer get him to cave?
Happy birthday, Charlotte Rae!
Instant guac gratification.
"I'm intimidated by Gwen all the time," Blake Shelton revealed.
Madonna, Alicia Keys, Sinead O'Connor, Sheena Easton … when it came to writing songs for them, nothing compared to Prince.
WATCH: We're going bananas over this baby baboon and his prime-mate! See more adorable news here: on.today.com/1MNhADk
"I think embracing what we have is also showing that there's beauty in diversity and beauty in every type of hair."
Lesson #1: Be yourself. It's the classic hokey advice we give our children. But Prince lived it.
All the trash she's created in the last 3 years fits in a single jar!
"He talked me through some times I really, really needed somebody," Mariah Carey said.
Happy Earth Day!
Ready for swimsuit season? Change this habit now to reach your healthy weight.
"I've lost one of my best friends," Tamron Hall said.
We'll be pouring out some high-quality maple syrup on our waffles in your honor.
Another reason to love Jessica Chastain!
Find out how Travis Bickle's most famous line came to be!
"I know he would have advice right now, Prince I'm listening as always," Tamron Hall said.
It's the end of an era!
"You can't say this about a lot of people — he touched everybody," Carson Daly said.
Prince had "the masculinity of Teddy Pendergrass, but he could take your girl [while] wearing high heels."
"I want to hate you, autism, but like a child picking petals from a flower, I vacillate between hate and love, loathing and tenderness."
This new study helps explain why some people are such light sleepers and others can sleep through almost anything.
If this is how Sofia Vergara and Kate Winslet get their glow, then sign us up!
We love her new look!
Is there anyone Queen Elizabeth II *hasn't* met?
Is your pet's name on the list?
What do you think of the new cabinetry?
"Sometimes I feel like I just spend all day cleaning the same thing over and over again. I always joke that those 37 seconds when my house stays clean are amazing!"
Earth Day is tomorrow, and here's a practical and fun guide to getting your kids outside in the fresh air.
Famous faces like Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor did it. Would you?
"Thank you for coming though me to become YOU! A shining light full of joy. I love you."
While other bodily functions in space have been speculated about, little has been known about female astronauts and menstruation.
WATCH: Members of Ohio State's diving team engaged in a little high dive hijinks. They created a "slip and slide" on a 16-foot diving platform!
Would you taste this rainbow??
"I definitely feel that it's a sign from God."
"What Bruce Springsteen is to New Jersey, and Kurt Cobain to Seattle, Prince Rogers Nelson was, and is, to my hometowns of Minneapolis and St. Paul. "
"We really had no idea they'd have such a hard time guessing or that we'd all end up laughing so much."
Prince's style and fashion influence will live on forever.
Prince took the visual aspect of performance as seriously as the music itself, creating genre and gender-bending looks that complemented his seductive and sensual sound.  Read more: http://on.today.com/26hF6yr
WATCH: Wait for it... wait for it...
"I snapped this photo and it dawned on me how much Jack looks like Anna."
Happy birthday, Queen Elizabeth!
Happy birthday, Tony Danza!
Long live Prince's purple reign.
Katy Perry, Gene Simmons and a host of other musicians and fans paid heartbroken tribute to the pop icon, who died Thursday at 57.
A memorable moment on TODAY: Watch Prince surprise Bryant Gumbel on his last day in 1997.
Legendary pop musician Prince is dead at age 57: http://nbcnews.to/26h25cR
Attention, Psycho fans!
Happy birthday to Queen Elizabeth! Watch her 90 years fly by in 90 seconds.
Home at last!
"It's someone that I love and respect, so I can deal with it a little bit better," Charlize Theron told Dylan Dreyer.
"If my doctor thinks I'm OK, then I'm OK."
A powerful photo every parent can relate to.
"She had the greatest life."
WATCH: What is it like to have autism? One 13-year-old's heartfelt explanation is going viral. http://on.today.com/210rvI2
Congrats, Meghan Trainor!
It's the final day to vote!
A sign of political correctness or a long-overdue gesture?   Donald J. Trump offers his take on Harriet Tubman replacing Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
We can relate, Chrissy!
Watch the answer that had Donald J. Trump and Melania laughing.
From sharing his own experiences to suggesting how others can support those with autism, we love what this teen has to say.
"I shouldn't have said anything publicly. But, at the time, I didn't think anybody would notice," Katherine Heigl said about her controversial comments while on Grey's Anatomy.
Happy birthday, Queen Elizabeth!
7 of TIME's "100 Most Influential People" landed on the 6 covers. See them all!
Spring cleaning your diet can actually be delicious!
If you own IKEA furniture, you need to read this.
These are the must-have items for spring!
Here's your step-by-step guide!
What's the top new hotel in the US?
Congratulations, Nick Carter Lauren Kitt!
Avocados, yay! Juice, nay!  Find out what else is good – and not so good – for your baby.
Now that's a fine hunk of meat!
When she realized her daughter was acting like a bully, one mom decided to go into full helicopter mode.
Lemurs — they're just like us!
"Social media is great but also a bit scary … "
Aww! Princess Charlotte is so precious on Queen Elizabeth's lap!
"I appealed to all of my schools to get more financial aid and was rejected. I had to think of something."
WATCH: Teenage Brooke Shields has the most adorable reaction to seeing herself on magazine covers.
Twenty years ago, most people couldn't pronounce it. Now, Americans are gobbling up this rich and creamy spread!
You can thank us later.
"I've never been happier in a relationship by any stretch of the imagination."
"I think the best way to describe it is you truly see and feel unconditional love."
Of course, no exercise class is complete without apple juice after the fact.
This home looks normal, until you walk around to the side.
"You never know when you are going to have a good positive effect on someone's life," Virginia firefighter Matt Howell says.
"Everyone deserves to feel like they belong."
We're so excited!
BREAKING: Harriet Tubman to replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
The best day to weigh yourself is...
Congratulations, Megan Boone!
This recipe was a big hit with the TODAY anchors!
We're going to need to re-watch some of those classic rom-coms!
"We know what to expect. It is the great unknown with the first child."
Isn't everyone a winner in Fat Baby Bingo?
Thank you for stopping by, Emily Blunt!
We hate to say it, but we agree with Tina.
See the Aurora Borealis as you've never seen it before!
We have a fresh round of products, folks! Get your votes in now!
If Star Wars is looking for a new Chewbacca, it looks like Prince William might be interested!
Luna has a full head of hair!
Mark your calendars!
WATCH: People revealed its "Most Beautiful Woman" of 2016 in the Orange Room, and we are definitely fans!
"I've never loved my ____."   Jen reveals the body part she's always struggled with. And, though bonkers, it somehow makes us love her more!
Prince George continues his reign as the cutest member of the royal family!
"It's not easy making connections as a senior. But we need it. It's up there with Medicare and Social Security."
"They're carrying Catherine's spirit with them. She will forever be a part of their hearts and souls but wearing the dress is an outward physical acknowledgment of that love."
On the 17th anniversary of the Columbine shooting, TODAY is revisiting one of our most memorable interviews.  Two days after the 1999 shooting, Katie Couric talked with victim Isaiah Shoels' father and Craig Scott, a high school student and brother to Rachel Scott, who was killed in the attack.  "God told me to get out of there."
"This #spring don't forget to #stop and #enjoy the #flowers."
We all have a super power – it's our intuition. Here's how to tap into it!
Earth Day is a good reminder to cut food waste … while also being good to your wallet.
We'll break it down for you.
Cute, crazy or something else entirely? You decide!
Does this mean you should toss out your glasses and buy a supply of copper mugs? Not so fast.
The Dairy Queen Blizzard is getting the royal treatment.
Happy birthday, Joanna Gaines!
"There was a time when I didn't know if the world would ever see my son as beautiful."
The reason 72-year-old Fran Drozdz ran the Boston Marathon was waiting for her at the finish line...
"I pump all day to be able to provide my girls with one ounce of my milk. And I've accepted that's the best I can do. All I can give them is my love and that's most important."
"I hoped that if we met you would see that I'm just like any other kid, a kid worth protecting."
We want to live in Taylor Swift's backyard.
"He usually occupies two thirds of the space in the drawing because this is how big and reliable and protective and kind he seems to his little girl."
WATCH: "This gives my kid an opportunity to be a kid, just the way they are."
"To be honest, it was one of the happiest weddings I've ever been involved in," said the wedding photographer who captured the moment.
WATCH: Best surprise ever!
WATCH: Today is the 60th anniversary of Grace Kelly's wedding to Monaco's Prince Rainier. Watch TODAY's coverage of the couple's 5th anniversary in 1961.
Calling all "Gilmore Girls" fans!
Pregnancy looks different on every woman — and that goes beyond the belly.
WATCH: Flashback! Before Danny DeVito visits TODAY Wednesday, check out this hilarious 2003 interview in which he opens up about his nude scene in "Big Fish."
"If there's someone you'd like to talk to, don't wait to reach out. It may be too late."
We almost didn't recognize Patrick Stewart!
Planning your summer vacation? Start here!
Need dinner ideas for tonight?   Add these 20-minute cilantro-broiled steaks with jalapeno salsa to a tortilla and you have yourself some tacos! http://on.today.com/1SiEeA3
The couple did not "love it."
Hint: Chris Hemsworth's daughter was not a fan.
Is that Yogi and Boo-Boo?!
So quick and easy, even Savannah can tackle it!
Happy Tuesday, Susan Sarandon and Rose Byrne!
And Harry hugged Chewbacca!
Have questions for Susan Sarandon or Rose Byrne? They're in our Facebook Live Booth chatting right now!
The law shields parents even if their child dies from a treatable illness.
Steve Martin explained when exactly he'd be on TODAY in a tweet he sent Monday.
Which sign is your favorite?!
Matt Lauer is in our new Facebook Live Booth! What questions have you always wanted to ask him?
Vote now!
Steve Martin and Edie Brickell are here this morning!
The cast from Everybody Loves Raymond and other celebs have been sharing moving messages following Roberts' passing.
"His reaction was a mixture of joy at hearing the high frequency again, and wonder at the fact that the device worked like magic on its own."
Jeff Rossen wore a Fitbit Surge for 24 hours, then turned it over to police to see how much personal information it would reveal.
Doris Roberts, who passed away at the age of 90 on Sunday, made us smile for years.   Her 2003 visit to TODAY was no exception.
Get tips on dress code, summer jobs and more!
But will it work for you? Here's what the experts say.
#MeatlessMonday inspiration!
Just one more reason J.K. Rowling is the queen of Twitter.
"We've got so much noise in our ears all the time about how to be better parents even though most of us were raised on bologna sandwiches and Tang."
It takes just 5 minutes of prep for fresh homemade salad dressing!
"An unexpected event appears to clear out what you were thinking."  Oh yes, we've been there.
Jessica Biel said 1-year-old Silas is "crawling like a maniac."
Julianne Moore has a doppelganger: her daughter.
"We had no idea she would get so upset though!"
This is the cutest thing you'll see all day!
WATCH: Think you have a great idea? We find Tip #2 particularly helpful.
Congratulations, Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis!
"Look at my little man go..."
WATCH: Flashback! Before Steve Martin visits TODAY Tuesday morning, watch the legendary comedian talk about his rise to fame in this 1981 interview.
Is there a ghost (or two) in this photo?
An important reminder to everyone, from the inspiring Ariel Winter. #MindfulMondays
Which animal cracker is your favorite? Ours is the goat-elephant! No, no... the donkey-cat!
Chris Hemsworth gets another vote for 'dad of the year'!
The Fuller House actor had the kindest things to say about his mom and dad.
Our vote: YES! Please let there be a Dawson's Creek reunion.
WATCH: Will and Kate had a whirlwind week touring India and Bhutan. See the best moments from their trip! http://on.today.com/1QcMEGQ
She's (hilariously) convinced the car is trying to kill her!
We can't decide which is better: his excuse or his accent!
WATCH: A paddleboarder and whale have an extremely close encounter off of California's coast. http://on.today.com/1xVfYxe
Would you like (unlimited) fries with that?
In a rare interview, Lewinsky admits she "came very close" to attempting suicide.
Tamron Hall is in our Facebook Live Booth this morning answering your questions!
When she crosses the finish line today, Jami will become the first female double amputee to complete the Boston Marathon.
A difficult experience during her first pregnancy inspired the former supermodel to help expecting moms across the world get access to quality childbirth care.
Clown contouring?! It really works! Learn more: on.today.com/1Sar5eE
Love Kathie Lee Gifford's smokey eyes? See the simple steps to get the look!
Was there a more memorable movie prom than Pretty in Pink? on.today.com/1Jh0g4Q
What's one of the best parts of being in Hamilton: An American Musical? The fans.  See more of Willie Geist's interview with Leslie Odom Jr.: on.today.com/1SeTBtm
"You deserve to be spoilt by your husband and our gorgeous children," David Beckham wrote.
These Boston Marathon bombing survivors are taking some grateful steps, with a 3,000-mile journey to say "thanks" to those who helped their recovery: on.today.com/1TZYbQS
"One day you'll know just how happy, proud, lucky, and blessed you, your sister, and your mama make me," Dwayne The Rock Johnson wrote.
Create a bouquet using flowers from your local supermarket: on.today.com/1M86Mhm
Does the dating service need to rethink its campaign?
"While she is on the stage, she brings so much joy into my life, and I am so happy she has been given an opportunity to dance and show her sassy moves!"
*Crosses "watch kittens and pony cuddle" off bucket list*
For these Boston Marathon bombing survivors, finishing 26.2 miles tomorrow is just the beginning.
Congratulations, Chrissy Teigen and John Legend!
Get a behind-the-scenes look at Hamilton: An American Musical with Willie Geist!
Hear music from this morning's #SundayTODAY and some of Willie Geist's favorite songs this week!
Find out why some experts say the technology could be "really not good."
It's #SundayTODAY! Watch Willie Geist break down the highs and the lows of the week, from one very patriotic toddler to Donald J. Trump's kids.
Live from #SundayTODAY with Willie Geist!
No. 10: The sun can be harmful.
Do you think this video goes too far?
We're still gushing over all of Duchess Kate's looks in India and Bhutan! Check out how to get similar styles in your own closet: on.today.com/1VqJOGl
Enjoy your flowers as long as possible with these tips: on.today.com/1HQnqk8
We're looking forward to #SundayTODAY with Willie Geist tomorrow morning! Don't forget to set your alarms (and your DVRs)!  on.today.com/25PiQvJ
One mom reveals how to get your little ones excited about yoga.
You don't need a royal budget to get her look!
Why?   "Because it's Julia Roberts! Oh my gosh!" Jennifer Aniston said.
"I'm so sick of the fact that it's 2016 and there is still so much stigma around mental health."
No. 5: Don't rush through the process.
3 tips to make the cabinet under the kitchen space less cluttered and more clean: on.today.com/1S5xYhi
"Judging from her skills behind the wheel, I would advise you to stay off the roads in approximately 12 years."
We're less than 24 hours away from #SundayTODAY with Willie Geist! Tune in tomorrow for Willie's behind-the-scenes look at Hamilton: An American Musical.
"I feel like a boy in outer space, I touch the stars and feel out of place."
Princess Diana at the Taj Mahal in 1992, and Prince William and Duchess Kate sitting on the same bench today.   See more photos from the royal couple's visit: on.today.com/20KChSC
Prince William and Duchess Kate walked in Princess Diana's footsteps at the Taj Mahal.
Lost of cheese, brisket and hash browns? Our stomachs are growling!
Who knew there was a way to turn this delicious pub food into a healthy meal?
A royal wardrobe worthy of this elegant duchess.
How many of these have you heard of?
"I got pregnant just to get people to watch Kimmy Schmidt," Ellie Kemper joked.
"There is exhaustion and then there is Mom exhaustion."
Does it have special powers? Is it foiled by kryptonite? TODAY Digital and Meet the Press join forces to explain what exactly a superdelegate is.
WATCH: The anchors swapped faces, Wrangler returned to the plaza, and we mixed up a special TODAY cocktail. Check out this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
"It meant the world to me."
"When I see you all hurting, it makes me hurt too, because I don't even know you all personally, but I love each and every one of you."
A play date so close, yet so frustratingly far away.
It's like our favorite foods had a baby!
The Queen of Morning Routines shares how she kickstarts her mornings at her idyllic New York farm.
See what's it's like to take part in the hottest nutrition trend around.
Feel confident this summer.
From "Mean Girls" to "Pretty in Pink," here's a look back at our favorite movie proms!
Make a cheddar and bacon muffin in a mug in just 2 minutes!   When you want the feels of weekend brunch ... on weekday I-just-woke-up-late time. Gemma Stafford's Bigger Bolder Baking has you covered with these cheddar and bacon mug muffins!
Here's who inspired one of Full House's most famous catchphrases.
Would you try gray hair?
"This is the face my children and my husband love. I think I'll keep it."
It's the 104th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic. Here, a Titanic survivor, talks about the tragedy on TODAY in 1998:
No bribing. No begging. And tip #2 should take a load off your plate.
That balcony's view is out of this world!
Losing weight is not about deprivation, it's about smart choices. Get on track for successful, realistic weight loss that can last a lifetime with these tips.
Two of our favorites! And they both look lovely!
Talk about using the force (and floss)!
We always have fun when Ellie Kemper is here!
Only Will and Kate could look this good on a three-hour hike!
Dr. Biden also shared what she'll be doing after Inauguration Day next year.
If Joanna Gaines says spring cleaning is important, it's important!
"They are my inspiration, and my reason for living," Ariel Winter said of her new ink's meaning.
"Holy crap!"
It's not always about how much sleep you get, but when you sleep.
Eat your heart out, normal wedding gowns.
Salads CAN actually be craveable!
It's the moment fans of The Beatles have been waiting for!
Get behind-the-scenes access to the set of the new "Ghostbusters," complements of Al Roker.
"For 30 years, Kief was the emperor of the parking lot and carpool, and for all those years, Kief has been the heart and soul of Hockaday. He has given us lessons in grace, lessons in courtesy, and lessons in love."
"We all struggle due to our time and responsibilities, yet when we either serve another or receive such kindness, both are transformed."
"They call me a part of their family now, and they are definitely a part of mine, too."
Does this video go too far?
WATCH: After driving from Mexico to his California home, this man discovered an unexpected traveler hitched a ride.
While the intentions were sweet, (everyone wants to feel loved, right?) the reactions from passersby haven't exactly matched up.
Even the brain surgeon who did his operation was astonished: "The fact that you are going to make it to the wedding is crazy."
Who needs a translator when you have a T-shirt?
Talent just runs in the Beckham family!
Cutest dad ever?
Think "The Shawshank Redemption," only starring an octopus named Inky instead of Tim Robbins.
Gift shopping made easy!
The film explores the beloved Star Trek actor's life and career.
Space out salon visits with these handy tips!
A difficult experience during her first pregnancy inspired the former supermodel to help expecting moms across the world get access to quality childbirth care.
This is as decadent as cheesecake gets!
Cory and Jack are turning their tiny businesses into giant ventures!
"The kids getting to see Marlee upbeat, happy and brave instead of the sick girl they were imagining made it a celebration."
Wowza!
Congratulations, Kelly Clarkson!
"Recognize that it will be a struggle. It's never going to be easy. Try to laugh at times. If you can laugh and cry through a lot of it, one day things will not be easy, but a little easier."
Go behind the scenes of Ghostbusters with Al Roker!
And Millicent explains why she picked the cat over the dog!
Congratulations are in order for our pal Ellie Kemper!
The royal tour rolls on with a little archery!
Hello there, Nessie!
"This is the one thing that's been mine about my personal life," Taylor Swift said about Calvin Harris.
A total hoot and a holler!
Natalie Morales is answering questions in our Facebook Live Booth. Ask something you have always been curious about.
"If you want to be Adam, you can be Adam. That's not going to change [you] in my eyes. You are still here to play football."
"I don't need a man. I can support five men."
"It has a lot of sentimental value, but my past will be somebody else's future."
FREEZE! Don't let these items go bad in your fridge
Sadly, the magical foods are not cake and doughnuts.
We promise: It's easier than it looks!
After a long, emotional wait, Ally Babineaux – known as the "Bionic Bride" for the mechanical pump that replaced her ailing heart shortly before her wedding – finally got to meet the family of the teen-age girl whose donated heart gave her new life.
"His mom's the most excited person you'll ever meet in your life," Amy Schumer said of boyfriend Ben Hanisch.
Are you constantly negotiating with your kids over their bedtime?
We can't believe it's the same kitchen!
"While she is on the stage, she brings so much joy into my life, and I am so happy she has been given an opportunity to dance and show her sassy moves!"
The photographer states that the project "started as a joke" but that it's "a serious work."
"She saved my life more than anyone will ever know."
What makes an apology resonate as truly heartfelt? Six important ingredients, a new study suggests.
"To expect someone to look like her pre-baby self immediately is odd."
After mourning the loss of his beloved dog Molly, Anderson Cooper has found a new furry pal.
England's Twycross Zoo says this type of play is common among young apes – but we doubt many of them can bust moves like Lope!
"My bond with Natasha is very, very intense. We've hung on to each other through the years and she means the world to me."
We can ALL relate.
"The atmosphere in the truck was very intense."
"My daughter Gillian's rose-colored dance bag sits untouched in my mudroom. It has been almost three years now. My heart aches every time I walk by it, but I can't move it."
"As soon as my wife saw kids floating in the backseat, she called 911."
As if we didn't already adore Anna Faris and Chris Pratt!
It's hard to beat Dwayne The Rock Johnson as a Mother's Day gift!
Bridget Jones's Diary premiered 15 years ago today, and we're still in love!
Tell 'em, girl!
WATCH: While Robert De Niro's claims contradict science, the actor shared his strong feelings about autism's link to vaccines on TODAY.
Let's all say it together: "Squeeeee!!!"
Happy National SCRABBLE Day!
WATCH: See if "clown contouring" really works!
De Niro made some sweeping — though scientifically debunked — claims: "As a parent, I am concerned."
"If he hadn't started (racing), then I probably would've still been fussing over about how I'm shorter than most other people, and that I usually keep coming in last place.''
"It wasn't the dream that I had hoped for, and it would have been easier to fan the flames of resentment, disappointment and anger," Jennifer Lopez said.
Alright alright alright, it's… Matthew McConaughey?
Savannah Guthrie is here testing out our Facebook Live Booth this morning. See what she has to say.
The renovation will be done just in time for Inauguration Day 2017!
Do you think there are benefits for kids using a landline phone at home?
Cross these actors off the list!
WATCH: Are you ready for some warm weather?!
WATCH: They may be babies, but those rhinos and elephants are a bit bigger than George and Charlotte. Right, Will and Kate?
We can't get enough of Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis' reunion!
We're not sold on the pudding… but we could get down with the rest of these snacks!
Pajamas all day? Yes, please!
We'd never get sick of those views, John Cusack!
In 43 seconds your hands will be squeaky clean!
Tackle that closet with a little help from Martha Stewart!
"I sank to my knees and held Rodney while they treated him."
"Nowadays I just think, to hell with it. I am going to wear what I like; I am going to wear my hair long. The key is not listening to what other people tell you."
"We couldn't think of a person more needing a boost than someone who had just lost everything."
Even a non-royal could afford this pretty frock.
Greg Murray was photographing a rescued mastiff who looked sad no matter what he did. Then inspiration hit: PEANUT BUTTER.
"A birthday celebration is a time when a child is the center of attention in a really positive way. It definitely has an impact on their social and emotional development."
"Equal pay for equal play. It's a pretty simple concept."
Kourtney Kardashian opened up about her personal life to Kathie Lee and Hoda this morning.
It's a small and simple design, but it packs a lot of meaning for Lea Michele.
"I thought I knew what love was, but holy cow, I did not. I could never have imagined the kind of love I have for my children," Drew Barrymore said.
Happy birthday to Beverly Cleary, who turns 100 today!
We'd happily work in the "new" office!
"This is not a test."
What's more fun than 101 Dalmatians? A beach party with 600 corgis, of course!
Happy birthday, Beverly Cleary!
A good night's sleep for you starts with a good night's sleep for them.  By NBC News Brand Studio and JOHNSON'S baby.
Something was missing from the TODAY desk this morning...
Is it dinner yet?! We can't wait to whip up Mike Maroni's spaghetti and meatballs!   You can find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1T1s0OI.
Little Paige, who had broken 10 bones before she turned 3, was cast-free on her April 6 birthday – for the first time ever!
Gwyneth Paltrow — just like us!
"Sex is not love, sex is not intimacy."
Kathie Lee and Hoda are keeping up with Kourtney Kardashian this morning!
Would you prefer your child skip standardized tests?
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! We'll help you figure out exactly how to celebrate with this quiz.
To make this year's tax deadline, follow these tips!
"I'm still me and nothing about that has changed," the former NAACP chapter president told TODAY.
Give it a try!
We'd call that an eventful (and terrifying) fishing trip!
Want to travel the world without breaking the bank? Here's how.
Your feet will definitely thank us later.
Happy National Fondue Day! As if we needed an excuse to eat a big vat of cheese… Thanks to The Melting Pot!
Scott Eastwood's announcement that he's joining the "Fast and the Furious" film franchise included a touching tribute to his "close friend," the late Paul Walker.
The wallpaper in Dianna Agron's bedroom makes us want to bust out in song, just like in Glee.
"Any time I struggle, I look down at my bracelet and I know how far I've come."
Rid yourself of paper clutter!
"It's worth the few negative comments if we possibly saved a life with this warning."
Love #4: Your story should be subtle enough to convey a message without the moral being "in your face." Kids can smell morals. And they smell like Brussels sprouts.
Is this line a compliment or cultural appropriation?
Here's everything that's happening in Stars Hollow.
"Be thankful for even the hard times. It doesn't mean that we're not frustrated because that's not real, especially as new parents."
"He's just the best thing," Carrie Underwood said about her son.
Is there anything cuter than watching Chris Pratt's 3-year-old son get bass fishing lessons from his proud papa?
Babka is back! This amazing chocolate Nutella babka is a knockout.
"There was a lot of laughter, a lot of shock and a lot of 'Oh my Gods.'"
You know exactly which disaster zone we're talking about.
It's National Pet Day! We're celebrating with this group of very sleepy puppies. Be sure to give your pet a little extra love today! #MindfulMondays
The pregnancy, the couple's first, has been going well, with no complications and no signs of early labor. We wish them luck!
Madison Pruitt's dream to be a police officer came true, and we're so happy it did.
There are actual homes at Walt Disney World — and they are beautiful!
Happy anniversary, Hugh Jackman and Deborra-Lee!
No. 1: Contouring is great...but only when you can't detect it.
We totally agree!   From Busy Mom Gets Fit to you, here's why it's important for moms to take care of themselves: http://on.today.com/1YpuBDo
Jacob Tremblay was feeling the Force when he named his adorable dog!
We didn't know we could love Melissa McCarthy more… and then she said this.
The restaurant owner's fascination with the royals is legendary in Mumbai!
It's a Daly family favorite!
Chris Pratt's speech is so sweet!
Good morning, Sir Ben Kingsley!
It started with an offhand comment from a friend who meant no harm.
We'll be doing each of these ASAP!
"Some days I feel like I should win best mom of the day award, and some days…"
It's a good day when it starts with Kevin Costner!
You'll laugh! You'll cry! And you may have trouble going to sleep tonight.
Welcome home, Wrangler!
Look who's back! And he brought news: We're getting a new puppy!
"An entire generation has grown up and has never really witnessed this event."
"You lose more than just the uterus. You lose a lot of the hopes and dreams that you had for the future."
For women who are battling breast cancer, the treatments can leave behind painful burns and skin so sensitive that even a cotton T-shirt, never mind a typical bra, would be excruciating to wear.
TODAY's New Baby Basics shares some tips and advice for new parents on hiring that first babysitter. See the full New Baby Basics series here: http://on.today.com/1V51JSN
"She represents not just hope; she represents reality."
It's amazing what removing a wall can do!
See how the visually impaired can now "hear" photos on Facebook.
"Emily is so much more than her wheelchair. She loves sports, arts, comics, music and more. She's a force to be reckoned with."
We are in love with the outside of the HGTV stars' new home!
Strawberry season is here!!
Don't need to be afraid of cleaning the oven! Here's your guide.
We could eat this sauce by the spoonful!
Well this isn't good.
Spoiler: Duchess Kate slays in three-inch heels.
Find out Alex on the Plaza's favorite places in New York — besides the plaza, that is!
Anita Hill reflected on her legacy in an interview with Savannah Guthrie.
Standing too close … weird smile… won't let you out of a conversation. Know anyone like that?
Bonus: They're super comfy!
With so many options, Martha Stewart is sure to have one you'll love.
Adele's makeup artist revealed the secrets to that cat eye!
Preach, Jennifer Aniston!
How do astronauts tell it's morning out in space?   Here's what mornings are like aboard the International Space Station.
When that pizza craving hits… and you simply CAN'T handle waiting for delivery!
The unlikely hero? A paper clip!
Coconut oil is so versatile... it's nuts!
Enjoy spring produce while it's at its best – and cheap!
"I celebrate you with an ache in my heart and a gratitude beyond all gratitude that God made someone as amazing as you and that I was allowed to love you at all."
The views of the Manhattan skyline are amazing!
See how this veteran is channeling his inner Fred Astaire!
To the tune of "I'll Be There for You," Michael Breach draws all the "Friends" in foam – plus the show's logo!
Just when we thought Jacob Tremblay couldn't get any cuter...
Which presidential name would you pick?
"Madison's lifelong dream was to become a police officer so she could protect people."
One of our favorite childhood treats is actually super easy to make at home!
A bite from the lone star tick can lead to an infection that causes fatigue, headache, fever, muscle aches — and, most bizarrely, an allergy to a popular food.
"I've had parents and children thank me for being there because they're showing these kids that no matter what, they need to follow their dreams."
"Was so happy to have met lil' Sally Walker Collins, who just turned 1. When she was 5 months old she had open heart surgery and has been an inspiring lil' fighter since that day."
Historic on the outside, modern on the inside!
"It's a learning experience and I'm feeling better and stronger and I'm happy."
Watch the TODAY anchors remember their best blunders — and find out which star has a crush on Carson — in this week's #SliceofOrange!
Make your #HappyHour a buzzworthy one!
Meet 6-year-old Zari!
When it comes to her kids, Brooke Shields isn't afraid to get tough!
We have a crush on Britney Spears' kitchen island...
You go, ladies!
"I had to think creatively…people are crowdfunding everything else, why can't I do this?"
Coffee with a view (of the Milky Way)!   Here's how astronauts aboard the International Space Station start their day.
Duty calls!
See if your children's names made the most popular list!
Hilary Duff's throwback photo is nothing short of spectacular.
Meet Smokey Jr., who had an eventful Thursday when he was rescued from a Florida fire!
We LOVE this item!
Turn April showers into fun!
Get well soon, SJ!
Al whipped up his creamy carbonara primavera this morning, and we cannot wait to try it!   Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1PYGdai
Here come the brides!
It's official! Melissa McCarthy is returning to Gilmore Girls!
We love Drew Barrymore's daughter's yoga outfit!
"When I saw the cover, I was taken aback," Kerry Washington told Matt Lauer.
Willie Geist ranks this pasta as one of his top three Al Roker favorites.
Bernie Sanders was asked about healthcare, gun control litigation, as well as what New Yorkers really care about: corned beef or pastrami?
"I'm happy that we can show him that not everyone is bad and that there are some people out there with genuinely good hearts."
Not a bad plan for Inauguration Day, Michelle Obama!
Kerry Washington's joining us in Studio 1A this morning!
TODAY's town hall with Bernie Sanders is underway.
American Idol went out with a bang (and a "She Bangs")!
Watch Matt Lauer's full interview with Hillary Clinton here.
This feels very Downton Abbey to us!
Thirsty Thursday never felt so good!
The mother of five looked so glam, Kathie Lee compared her to Jessica Rabbit!
Help bagged slaw realize its true potential (and make yourself a healthy lunch in the process)!
The author of "Happier" shares how he makes his mornings run smoothly – even with kids in the picture.
SheaMoisture products can now be found in the beauty aisle, where every woman belongs.
Have you ever tried pasta for dessert?
"I've always had a mistrust of adults." — Dr. Seuss
We absolutely love Laura W. Bush's advice.
"What amazed me about them was their resilience and self-sufficiency. They never asked for anything and assumed they'd be homeless for the rest of their lives."
"I came down in a taxi, and knocked on the door, and Nora came to the door. And she said, 'I thought I'd never see you again, what a beautiful surprise.'"
"Everybody says, 'We love that there is somebody with a normal body!' And I'm like, 'I don't feel like I have a normal body.'"
"No matter how long your child lives, every baby is loved."
This can't be good for the resale value.
That time I lost my faith in sisterhood — when no one told me my skirt was tucked into my tights.
Willie Geist fans, rejoice!
Barbara Bush is giving us so much morning inspiration!
"My husband didn't fall in love with books until he fell in love with a little girl, and that's my favorite story."
Who knew carbs were so versatile?
"How is it that my hubby ... gets to sing with THE Garth Brooks before I do?" Carrie Underwood joked.
Bernie Sanders will join us for a live town hall on the TODAY plaza Friday morning. Leave your questions for the Democratic candidate in the comments below!
"We brought our own sand. It's artisanal sand...We got it on GOOP."
How can two identical children's train tracks look so different in length? Internet, meet the Jastrow illusion!
"I hope they see that we are humans, not just props or tools."
"These girls … fought so hard in my belly to survive," their mom says.
This is better than The Bachelor!
"This was the easiest choice I made all year," said high school senior Shelby Butler.
After 2,080 shows and over 1,000 bottles of wine, Kathie Lee and Hoda celebrated eight rollicking years together (with help from surprise guests).
"No one else compares," Cameron Diaz said.
Which man was really right for Carrie on Sex and the City?
It happens to all of us!   By our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby.
"For a long time I was hesitant about sharing our story… But then I said, screw that. I can save a life," Tamron Hall said.
Alyssa Milano is throwing us back to her style in the '80s, and it's amazing.
"I realized that you don't have to be wounded in combat to have these invisible wounds. We all have places in our lives that we have to take our legs off."
Rainy days CAN be fun!
We love this dog's bedtime routine!
If food labels showed how much you'd have to exercise to burn off the calories, would you still chow down?
You won't need a nap after this pasta!
Would you try this?
Have dry skin or allergies? Your remedies might already be in your fridge!
We're loving the hair, Alyssa Milano!
A lot can happen in just three hours!
Mindy Kaling must answer the ultimate question: Willie Geist or Carson Daly?
American Idol may be ending tonight, but Ryan Seacrest has lots to look forward to!
Where they lead, we will follow!
Good morning, Mindy Kaling!
"He reminded me that I chose the right career."
Craving a large slice of pizza? Get ready to walk for 1 hour and 22 minutes.
Hedgehog lovers, this is for you!
This is ridiculously cute!
How's this for an epic birthday bash?
Nothing says "we all die alone" quite like wrestling with the clasp on a bracelet.
Can you believe this is the same kitchen?!
"I got my first kiss from her."
"Pregnancy is a privilege, and even though my journey has been bittersweet and emotional, I know how lucky I am. I was blessed with the amazing feeling of three babies growing inside of me."
Think you'd make a great Real Housewife? Wednesday, we put our plaza fans to the test … with some help from The Real Housewives of New York, of course! (NBC and Bravo are both part of the NBCUniversal family)
This is taking hair tattoos to a whole new level!
This gives cake a whole new meaning!
"Kindness really is contagious."
"These days, I make it a point to stop and tell mothers of tiny babies how beautiful and special they are, even if they are in mid-squawk and ESPECIALLY if the mother looks flustered. I am paying it forward, because that advice and those words I received at my support group saved me."
Here's what spring looks like from coast to coast -- thanks to all who shared photos! (And for those who have snow, cold and less-than-spring like weather, we feel your pain.)
Happy birthday, Candace Cameron Bure!
We can only hope to look this good at 90! #lifegoals
"We thought it was important that she see there are people in this world who will be judging her based on her age and gender, and she needs to stand up for herself."
Check out a sneak peek of Natalie's visit to the set of American Idol, courtesy of Ryan Seacrest. Tune in tomorrow on TODAY!
"These women deserve to have something beautiful to wear. We want to make sure the products are not only functional, but make them feel really good."
How do you talk about politics with your kids?
It gave us Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood!
Fashion model Iskra Lawrence's clever photo is getting rave reviews for taking the bite out of body-shamers.
"We are in absolute shock how much attention it's gotten,'' said the woman's mom. "I joke that if I knew how much it would be seen, I would've cleaned the dirty countertops!"
Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy wants to put an end to siestas, and we have a lot of feelings about that.
"Runners have a fellowship," says the police sergeant who helped a fallen runner finish a half marathon. "It has lifted my spirits to fight, fight, fight for a cure."
The twangy singer of popular songs like "Okie From Muskogee," "Mama Tried" and "Workin' Man Blues" had just canceled his April concert dates as he recovered from a recurring bout of double pneumonia.
Take a tour of the HGTV stars' new home!
Michael Jackson was still sweetly involved with his daughter's birthday.
"I think I was at an age where mortality was not always clear to me," Jake Gyllenhaal said.
The Scandal star called out Adweek on the altered cover.
Did your little one leave their artistic mark on the wall? Grab the toothpaste!
It's hard out there for a gorgeous actress!
Watch as 5-year-old Lizzy Myers, who is losing her sight, is blessed by Pope Francis.
Excuse us while we search for flights to Florida.
Excuse us while our hearts melt all over the place.
Congrats to the happy family!
Look very closely! Do you see something?  (And no, it's not the Japanese flag.)
The anchors are still raving about this dish!
We love The Sandlot-inspired name!
The seats are usually listed for $1,595 apiece, but that's not what these turtles paid!
Is nonfat, low-fat, reduced-fat or whole milk best for your children?
Are you being shortchanged by coin-counting machines? One expert said he was "shocked" at the results we saw.
"The elevated risk was especially high for those who were young and those who lost a relatively healthy partner."
Get your BLT fix in noodle form.
This busy YouTuber, stylist expert and TODAY Beauty Tastemaker, shared her morning secrets and shortcuts as part of our ongoing series.
"This is my night song, sleep 'til it's light song, too tired to fight song!"
"Motherhood, in all its beautiful significance, is a job I do not want."
Crying it out, pre-bedtime bottles and more A-plus tips to help you get those Zzzzzs.
Jessica Alba is one mom who knows what it's like to juggle work and family.
Important questions first: for starters, how much chocolate should we be eating?
When your dad's John Travolta, parallel parking's even more of a struggle.
"Ever since I can remember, I've been a 'bigger girl' and I'm completely fine with that. I'm strong and powerful."
"They ask,'Is JoJo my new dentist now?'" the golden retriever's trainer says.
Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik are more than just a couple — they're a Vogue couple.
"It's gone on way too long. I never wanted it to go more than a few months."
"I do feel like Jack may have had something to do with the infinitesimal chance that we would have a surprise pregnancy at my age."
We're guilty of mispronouncing #16…but it just feels so right!
"People with disabilities like beauty and fashion, and like to look good like everyone else."
"She's glamorous, and I don't really like to go mean with my comedy."
This new feature can let a visual impaired person know objects, how many people are in the photo, if they're smiling – even if it's a selfie or a meme!
"I go between a size 6 and an 8. Glamour put me in their plus size only issue without asking or letting me know and it doesn't feel right to me. "
Could singing be in Peyton Manning's post-football future? Maybe … but probably not.
"I'm crazy about my kids — I'd live and die for my kids — but ... these cute little muses of mine drive me nuts sometimes!"
Lisa Steger joked, 'You're not going to hurt me, right?" Her passenger, who appeared to be in her late 80s, smiled and said, "Oh no, honey."
Loving siblings and a lullaby? It's almost too sweet!
"He always knows the right thing to say to make kids feel at ease."
"I know what happens and it's gut-wrenching to be there ... It's heavy."
"Everything in this house really just reminded me more of bad times than good, and I wanted so badly to have a happy life and start over."
Workout clothes aren't just for the gym anymore. Or are they?
These futuristic beauty products are out of this world!
If we could double date with any couple, we'd choose Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone.
You take the good, you take the bad…
The gang's all here!
The "Father of the Bride" actress explains how empowering it feels to tell her mother's story.
"The only thing I care about, my life's mission and the only thing that matters as of now, is that my daughters know…how much I love them," Drew Barrymore said.
Marcia Clark opens up about "the trial of the century" – and how she was treated as a second-class citizen.
We'll leave this beauty routine to Gwyneth Paltrow.
We're sending our well wishes to Abby!
"We've taken back control of our sleep — and our life. OK, at least our sleep."
Do you struggle getting your kid to sleep? It's a challenge for all new parents -- we're here to help!  Dr. Jodi Mindell, a professor of psychology and a sleep expert working for TODAY Parenting Team sponsor JOHNSON'S baby, will answer your questions in the comments. Ask away!
Melissa McCarthy really brought this "Pocahontas" song to life on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon!
Would you try the new trend?
Miranda Lambert hit the red carpet with guns blazing.
Once you know how, it's actually easy.
Move over, burrito bowl!
Tip #1: Consider the kind of flooring you have.
Calling all cheese lovers!
Are you suffering from PTBD (Post Traumatic Bang Disorder)?
"I was trying to figure out: I'm home, he's overseas — how am I going to handle this? The baking was an automatic go-to."
"Next thing I knew, he grabbed the wall and fell."
"I am so proud of my man!"
Any new parents out there just going back to work after baby? Hang in there! Here's some advice from moms who have been there, done that.  Introducing TODAY's New Baby Basics series, where we tackle the top questions asked by parents... with heart and a little humor. heart emoticon See the whole series here -- http://on.today.com/1V51JSN -- and tell us what topics we should cover next!
"We're really superheroes, trying to house and grow a baby for ten months."
For some people, their is somthing especially annoying about typos and grammar errors.  If that sentence bothers you, you may be an introvert.
This home needed a miracle, and it got one!
These '90s trends are still there for Jennifer Aniston.
What happens when the story doesn't end with happily ever after?
"We have a problem."
"It brought us such relief to know he would start the day on the right foot."
"No snooze button. I'm not going to wait for the alarm clock."   Find out more about this coach's morning routine, sponsored by New York Lottery.
In honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
"It's a circus, for sure," Kristen Bell admitted to Ellen DeGeneres.
We can't stop staring at it!
"A bright sunrise will contradict the heavy fog that weighs you down."
The Property Brothers' tips make it an easy decision!
Today marks the 48th anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s death. Watch him talk civil rights on TODAY in 1966.
It's difficult to find a tougher trio of fighters this adorable.
Taylor Swift's bodyguard is good at his job AND funny.
This vibrant pasta is perfect for spring!
"The needs were of these families across the nation. Unfortunately, they're not getting a whole lot of help. And they don't ask for it," Operation Finally Home founder Dan Wallrath said.   "I saw the need and decided to do something about it."
"To play myself, I'd be totally bored."  We don't believe that, Melissa McCarthy!
Leave it to Natalie to tell it like it is!
From hair tools that cut your drying time in half to stretch mark saviors, there's something for everyone.
The Property Brothers break down when to buy what by the month!
Tracy Morgan revealed what happened while he was in a coma, and why he's now "at peace."
Dylan declared this her "favorite pasta dish on the planet!"
Bring it in, Carson Daly and Matt Lauer!
You never know who might be in the car next to you!
It's a party in the Orange Room with the Property Brothers and Melissa McCarthy!
The Property Brothers managed to (barely) fit in the #MiniRoom!
Run, Chihuahua, run!
Are you really getting what you pay for in your Starbucks morning latte?
It may be spring, but it doesn't feel like it today for millions in the Northeast!   Here's what you can expect.
A recent study found that women age 40 or younger were disproportionately at risk.
It's the best time of the year for veggie lovers.
Because not everyone gets the red rash!
Mornings made easy!
Proving once again that women are beautiful at every age.
The FDA is taking steps to reduce inorganic arsenic (the more toxic form) in infant rice cereal.
We're getting hungry just looking at these recipes.
"Always listen to your body and understand what it's telling you!"
Plain ol' hot dogs were so last year.
All our '90s dreams have come true!
This is the "trend" that might actually be catching on…
"Media exposure does not account for everything."
What's that price again?
These parents nailed it on Facebook this week!
Your morning just got easier.
Look out for #4 on the list!
From bleeding gums to a newfound snoring habit, some crazy things can happen when you're pregnant.
Our most popular story this week: What it's REALLY like to be on HGTV's show "Fixer Upper."  (Psst! Secret #4 is big!)
Tip #17: Babies don't care what the nursery looks like.
Organizing your home this weekend? Try this trick!
"I can sleep anywhere except in my own bed."
You'll need this when it comes time to spring clean the kitchen!
See the sweet way Natasha Gregson Wagner is honoring her mom.
"This was my first time playing hopscotch on duty, but I'll always do whatever I can to break the ice and say 'I'm Zach.'"
Now that makes more sense.
Some sad news out of Hollywood about Drew Barrymore and her husband.
"Hopefully it will comfort those who are going through it, and also show people who don't understand what it is like for the women who do go through this."
Because Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner still live on the same property next door to The Real Brooke Shields, do you think they'd come over for a backyard BBQ?   Because that pool is everything.
"This is what you would look like if you were standing behind Jay Leno doing his monologue," Chris Christie told Jimmy Fallon.
"We're praying a lot and trusting God through these next few weeks."
Don't ya hate it when you can't remember where you put your spoon?   Thanks to all the funny Facebook parents who gave us a giggle this week!
"As parents of three kids, how do you go home and just leave them there looking like that?" Krystal told TODAY.com.  So they didn't.
Breakfast just got a whole lot cooler — literally!
"I decided that I should talk to my toddler about her sleeping...and by talking to her, I mean I told her, 'If you get out of your bed before morning, dinosaurs will get you.' Don't knock it until you try it."
Nearly 100 fellow passengers helped one man turn the trip into a tribute to his beloved sister.
"Getting a great little lifetime note on my arm."
Gwen Stefani isn't the only celebrity with a hilarious prank — see Ellen DeGeneres' too!
One little piece of office supplies (yes, office supplies) is all you need!
"I've been coaching five sports for 11 years and this is the only team I've coached where I would consider doing this."
Take it from the experts!
Do you feel better about yourself as you age, like Jessica Alba does?
Many details of the new "Jungle Book" are under wraps, but last night Kimmel viewers got a tuneful sneak preview from its star.
This is a real recipe, we promise!
Is it weird that we're obsessed with the dining room's windows?
And five where it's OK to spend less!
Iman remembered her mother with a touching message.
This is how you do #HappyHour TODAY show-style!
This year the National Parks Service turns 100 years old, and three parks — Yosemite, Denali and Grand Teton — are teaming up with Subaru to try to eliminate all of their landfill trash. http://on.today.com/1Y4uDAw  By Subaru of America, Inc.#TMYK #DontFeedTheLandfills
"In my heart, I knew she was already gone."  This mother's tragic story is a must-read for any parent before taking their child to the dentist.
Calling John Stamos fans!
"The kids don't know the dangers of his job, but it's something we do, for God to help him with the decisions that he has to make, to have compassion on the people that he's going to help, whenever he goes into work," Jordan's wife told TODAY.
"His reaction to finally landing a job made my heart smile," Cesia Abigail said.
Here are some of Olivia Benson and Elliot Stabler's most precious moments.
This recipe is no joke!
From Silas (Justin Timberlake) to Frances (The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon) to Max (Mark Zuckerberg), these celeb baby names are rising stars.
"People say there aren't enough black models or enough plus-size models, but you do see them. We're still the most invisible group."
"I have a 7-year-old daughter and I know that these images impact them. There's a societal benefit for resetting expectations of what women are supposed to look like."
These pics are priceless!
We love Kelly Rowland!
Just shake it off, Taylor Swift!
A cooking segment on April Fools' Day? Here's what happened!
Congrats times two!
What's the craziest thing you've purchased after a drink or two?
No one was safe from this April Fools' Day prank in the studio this morning!
Illusionist Jeff Hobson amazed Savannah — but Willie Geist looks a little suspicious!
lululemon athletica learned a valuable lesson: Don't mess with Beyoncé's fans!
Score big and save money with these April deals!
Carson Daly's morning routine now includes shaving his legs during the trending segment.
Planning a trip to Mount Rushmore? Here's where Google Maps will take you instead.
It's April 1! How are your New Year's resolutions coming along?   If you need a little push, Jean Chatzky, Joy Bauer and Jill Martin are here to help!  Trying to create a savings plan? Looking to shed some weight? Need help organizing...your life? Ask your questions below and they may answer yours!
Tip #6: Don't kill your feet the day before the big day.
Here's how to master this stylish look.
Homemade is the way to go!
This woman got the makeover she's been waiting for! Check out her new look!
This new spin on Apple's 1997 "Think Different" campaign honors groundbreaking women -- "the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers."
"I've heard it said that reading together is the single most important thing parents can do for the intellectual development of their child. But let's face it, it's good snuggling time too!"
Aniston 101 is in session!
Will the Burgerizza be a home run?
David Beckham said his latest ink took five hours to complete.
From thigh gaps to the A4 waist challenge, here's the latest body image trend.
Do you dare try this new red-hot burger?
"We like to say that our classes bring the sexy back."
After her split from Gavin Rossdale, Gwen Stefani revealed, "I was so scared and insecure and thought it was over for me."
For #TBT, we're sharing one of our most popular projects: a set of 3-D illustrations of our "ideal" bodies vs reality.
What side of the line do you fall on in this hairy debate?
"It's been a hard first part of the year," said Courtney, who lost her husband in February. "Hopefully, some joy will come in the later half."
Matt Lauer's little slip up had a fun silver lining!
"It's been a hard first part of the year. Hopefully, some joy will come in the later half."
"Have you got any vegetable oil?"
"Women keep being told that it takes a village to raise a child, but most of us don't know where that village is. Usually the village is standing back and pointing fingers at the mom when something goes wrong."
She's been known to finish 200 novels in a single summer.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Amazon.com Kindle FreeTime.
Kate Upton was thrilled to see women of all shapes — including Ashley Graham, Ronda Rousey and @Hailey Clauson — grace the latest Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue.
What's the strangest thing you've done while sleep-deprived? We asked our TODAY Parenting Team for their sleep confessions, and they did not disappoint…  The TODAY Parenting Team is sponsored by JOHNSON'S baby.
Tip #11: Gray is your friend!
Gorgeous, Cameron Diaz!
What would you do if this happened on your flight?
The new cabinet color is bold and beautiful!
Do you dare try Burger King's red-hot burger?
"She probably won't be able to experience a dance herself," 15-year-old AJ explained.
We are stunned — and hungry!
Matt Lauer learned how to make Coq au Vin this morning, and now you can too!   Find the recipe here: http://on.today.com/1UWEHNP.
We love these rescued sea lions at the Georgia Aquarium, and apparently one loves Natalie back!
"I brought it to school and all my friends were like, 'Wow, that's really cool. I wish I could shoot sparkles from my arm.'"
Because dads can be cool too, right?
The right primer can help you conceal, smooth and secure your skin. See which one is best for you!
Hoda Kotb had a third co-host today: Dylan Dreyer's husband!
Who's in?!
Look who surprised Dylan, who's co-hosting with Hoda Kotb: her husband!
We can! We can handle the truth!
Melissa Joan Hart and Robin Givens have invaded the Instagram #MiniRoom!
They sure aren't shy!
Little Adam's quite possibly the fastest toddler we've ever seen!
Dwayne The Rock Johnson and Zac Efron are hitting the beach!
Download these apps and start seeing the financial rewards!
Al Roker's paying a visit to our Facebook Live Booth this morning! Tune in to see what your favorite weatherman has to say behind the scenes.
The women have shattered ratings records for soccer games in America. They've also won three straight Olympic gold medals and three World Cup titles overall, while the men have never won either.
This son's surprise made his mom tear up — and us, too!
This Australian reporter made a new friend, although she doesn't seem too happy about it!
Have you been placed on the "mommy track"? Here's how to find the best female-friendly workplaces.
This little girl's business is getting a lot of buzz – and helping bee populations in the process!
This dressing only has a few ingredients… and we can pronounce all of them.
Talk about fast food – this pizza is ready in minutes thanks to Gemma Stafford's Bigger Bolder Baking.
These students are learning that one book just isn't enough.   By NBC News Brand Studio and Amazon.com Kindle FreeTime
Age is just a number.
You know to paint, but do you know what color to paint with?
"I look back at things that have happened in the past, and I look at where I'm now, and it's crazy."
"As someone once told me, kids are better than sleep. It's true, but I sure could use a nap."
Tattoo sleeves have never looked so literal.
"I went into nurse mode and realized what had to be done."
This puppy's devotion will make you saw "awww-men."
From bleeding gums to a newfound snoring habit, some pretty crazy things can happen to the female form while incubating a tiny human.
This family's Star Wars costumes ROCK!
Ever wonder how to spend a $1 billion on a wedding? Hint: include Jennifer Lopez.
"The crazy thing about it is, we never actually got to see the baby."
Watch him solve the Wheel of Fortune puzzle… Every. Single. Time.
"Can you imagine them asking some of these guys I work with, 'How do you keep your butt looking so good?'" Melissa McCarthy said.
Joey Lawrence came face-to-face with a very different joey!
Life is definitely busier when there's a toddler in the mix!
An important warning – this painful disorder of the uterus affects 1 in 10 women of reproductive age.
Start planning now to pull off these cute April Fools pranks on Friday!
Lisa Kudrow is speaking out about gender inequality in Hollywood.
Yes, you can make Girl Scout Cookies at home! And they're so easy! on.today.com/21gOBZy
What Star Wars name would you pick?
The best-selling author, who had repeatedly described her book as fiction, explains why she lied about the truth.
Whoa! That time Joey Lawrence met a joey!
Selfie in the mini room!   Looking good, Naomi Campbell, John Cena - WWE Universe, Al Roker, Tamron Hall and Willie Geist!
Leonardo DiCaprio's special nickname for Jennifer Lopez is cracking us up!
Carson Daly is in our new Facebook Live Booth for the first time! Check it out.
"They decided to lie about lying, and now they're lying about the lies that they lied about."
John Cena is here to co-host the 9! But before then, he's hanging out in our brand new Facebook Live Booth.
We love the name – and the story behind it!
Donald J. Trump continued to defend his campaign manager over accusations he grabbed a reporter hard enough to leave a bruise.
Would an apology have prevented Donald J. Trump's campaign manager from being charged with battery?
What's your favorite way to cook with asparagus?
Calling all seafood lovers!
If you're planning on spending any time outside this summer, it's important to keep in mind the major signs and symptoms of Lyme disease.
What's the strangest job interview question you've been asked?
Oh Oreo, we love you just the way you are. You don't need fancy flavors to win our hearts.
Patty Duke starred on television and won an Academy Award, but may be even more celebrated for her advocacy for people with mental illness.
"Guess they gave him the good drugs," Olivia Wilde joked.
You don't get to keep the furniture?!
This newborn baby taught his parents the meaning of a spring shower!
"When a 15-year-old boy comes to ask you if he can mow your lawn, you expect them to say they need money for video games or something like that."
"We were joking that it was a brotherly competition and it ended in a tie."
"This is the perfect age to allow our children to make their own decisions and let them figure out who THEY want to be, not who society says they should be!"
Disney's Fairy Godmother gave one grieving mother a moment to remember.
"The stories saying that Sean was going to adopt Jackson and all of that were not true. It's not something that happens in 18 months. You can't do that to a child. "
"Getting only four or five hours of sleep a night contributed to my transformation from a positive person to a critical one ... That was not how I wanted my children to grow up."
"I promised God in the second grade I would pay off you guys' house and help you retire. A promise I would never break. The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt by the heart."
Bruce Springsteen may have rocked the stage, but Mama Boss stole the show!
One thing is clear: Jenna Bush Hager's daughter Poppy loves the beach!
Her personal best: 245 pounds!
Actor Wentworth Miller has put online bullies in their place with a heartbreaking message.
No. 2 seems like it could be a major offender!
"Every day she is a reminder that God has been so good to me."
Actress Patty Duke has passed away at the age of 69. http://nbcnews.to/1RxieRK
From hair to makeup to skin – these tips will have you get out the door faster!
Well, Ashton Kutcher's daughter wasn't disappointed!
This is one of the easiest dinners you can make!
Here's what to know next time that ice cream cone falls or last bite of cake kisses the ground.
They were "shining, shimmering, splendid!"
"There's always going to be an issue with vaccines because all vaccines are the same, and all people receiving them are different."
Yes, it's true, Savannah is co-hosting Kathie Lee and Hoda today!
FRIENDS (TV Show) is still there for us!
"I think that other shows will crop up very soon. And I do absolutely welcome that," Samantha Bee said.
"It's almost as if she hasn't noticed that she's not here. And that is so sad… and oh, so wonderful — all at the same time."
"It's a terribly difficult thing," Bob Wright said about his wife Suzanne's pancreatic cancer diagnosis.  We are sending our love and well wishes to the Wright family.
Get out the door looking beautiful with this 4-minute makeup routine!
"My teenagers now are like, 'I could have had Brad Pitt [as my dad]!' My son said, 'I could've been amazingly handsome. But no!'" Melissa Etheridge said.
Want to reduce stress and improve your sleep?  Try this!
"It's over," the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for Cyprus said in a tweet.
Here's the verdict!
Giddy up!
A hijacker claiming to have an explosive belt diverted a commercial jet and was holding seven people hostage Tuesday over what appeared to be a "personal" matter involving a woman, authorities said.
Prep these the night before so you can grab and go!
It only takes two steps!
Want to kick-start your day? Try these 3 simple yoga stretches.
The "Scream Queen" is the latest celebrity to follow this hot hair trend.
"Well, first of all, it could be decaf. Second of all, I stopped drinking alcohol, I stopped partying, I don't do Botox anymore."
"I'm happy every single day I'm working. I come in with a smile on my face and leave with a smile on my face."
"Things may get tough but there will be plenty of opportunities to have a good laugh during the middle-school years. Even if it's at your expense!"
Harrison Ford calls his daughter, Georgia, his "hero."
Calling all fans of "The Nanny"!
Happy 30th Birthday, Lady Gaga! We're celebrating with this inspiring quote from the singer. #MindfulMondays
"Depression and anxiety are one part of me. There are times when they become really loud and they are the thing that is taking over… but there are times when I'm living with it… The smiling person is also a part of me."
BREAKING: U.S. Capitol building on lockdown after security threat.
"It's not about being the prettiest girl on TV."
"I've had people say I'm a child abuser," says Milla Bizzotto's father. "But this is just something she really wants to do."
Now that's daddy devotion!
Come again?
The couple's 31-year age gap has several wondering if their love is the real deal.
See how taking a gap year changed Tom Costello's life.
Amen, Adele!
Parents know the best way to get their babies to sleep is with a 3-step bedtime routine. Share your secrets for getting your little one to drift off to dreamland!   From our sponsor, JOHNSON'S baby.
Happy birthday, Lady Gaga!
So many reactions in one photo!
Even John Cena - WWE Universe is a fan!
Happy (belated) 90th birthday, Gene Shalit!
Get ready! Matt Lauer is co-hosting Kathie Lee and Hoda today with Hoda Kotb!
Thanks for joining us, John Cena - WWE Universe!
Our anchors put Oz Pearlman's mind-reading skills to the test — and we were blown away!
One thing is clear: Kelly Clarkson's daughter is NOT a fan of the Easter Bunny.
"This tragedy didn't have to happen. They didn't have to die."
Lightened up, but just as delicious!
Congratulations to the first-time parents!
Dickinson says she won't let the fear define her.
There were laughs… then tears… then laughs.
Just like us! Apparently royals also get teased by their families.
With hidden cameras rolling, Jeff Rossen purposely left iPads behind in hotels and rental cars, then tried to reclaim them.
Congratulations, Ivanka Trump!
"People love it! They love to see their pets dressed up, and they love to do things with their pets."
According to LUSH Cosmetics, customers are simply using it wrong.
Put those extra Cadbury crème eggs to work!
"It's hard to not be happy when they're around."
Finally, a good reason to wake up early!
Here's the ultimate trick for storing those plastic bags!
"While standing at the altar, I got a flashback to when I was in the hospital first learning that I was never going to be able to stand again and all the things I wasn't able to do anymore. But I conquered those obstacles."
We're already dreaming about these dinners!
"It's a pregnancy she wanted badly for years and struggled deeply to conceive. Why wouldn't she be proud — and downright giddy — to strut that bump in front of the world?"
Papaw dusted off his spatula for another round of burgers!
Give pastas a springtime makeover!
Psst! Just open the cabinet!
Hugh Jackman made waves in his latest role: a real-life "super-dad"!
Cheers to Easter!
We're re-visiting one of our favorite home tours — from one of our favorite women.
Wishing you Peeps and happiness this Easter!
When it came to their annual Easter Bunny pics, these kids went from tears to 'cheers!'
Happy Easter from our family to yours!
Cleaning this weekend? Let us help you get it done faster than ever.
We have a style for everyone!
Are you a city hall or backyard bride… or something in between?
These two (and their matching Purple Hearts) are doggone precious.
We got some egg-cellent tips from the experts.
Miley Cyrus and Alicia Keys are bringing their talents to The Voice!
"Bring on the cake. I have waited an entire year for this!"
There's a growing body of evidence showing men's behavior before pregnancy may also be important for a child's health.
Ballet flats are not the only option!
Because that thing's a liability!
Need last-minute Easter ideas?
A road-side bomb in Afghanistan left this military dog named Rocky so injured, few thought he'd ever walk, much less run, again. After rehabilitation, Rocky was able to have a very special reunion with Spc. Andrew Brown.
"It is like a perfect fit. I don't know how to explain it, it was just right," says nurse Nicole Boyd, after the adoption of her daughter was official.
"That was my job before I go — I needed to make sure they'd be taken care of."
What are you excited to make for Easter?
"Whether your child would rather pick flowers than catch fly balls, or maintains dreams of professional swimming, you're always going to be his biggest fan. And when you can hold that position in a positive way, you and your child both win."
For all the cheese-lovers out there!
The Zika virus has a new combatant: Elmo!
"Everything you do, you think about how it's going to affect your kids. And you never give yourself kudos for doing the positive things you do for them — you always give yourself a hard time for what you haven't done."
We've got the perfect warmup for your Easter egg hunt this weekend.
No harsh feelings between these former couples!
Watch what goes on behind-the-scenes during breaking news with this week's #SliceOfOrange.
See Ben Affleck open up about Christian Bale's crucial advice, from one Batman to another.
"The amount of negative coverage is overwhelming, but in comparison, thousands of positive interactions happen across the country every day."
See Nia Vardalos reveal how the first "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" came to be — with help from Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson — in this 2002 interview with Katie Couric!
Ben Affleck looked really, really sad during an interview this week and the Internet noticed.
"Indy and I are trying to adjust to our new life at home. To the empty chair at our table and pillow on the other side of my bed."
Alert: we have a winner for Most Valuable Dancer!
"You can decide for yourself if it was a beautiful family moment or a disgusting act of exhibitionism."
Wrangler deserves only the best.  By NBC News Brand Studio and Merrick Pet Care
"I had always thought my sister and I would be old ladies together. I thought we'd be these crotchety, grumpy old ladies. Then suddenly, that was taken away from me."
Happy 51st birthday, Sarah Jessica Parker!
"I grew up in a very Christian family, and my mother taught us to always pray. I've had to do a little more since I've been a coach. These youngsters will drive you crazy!"
We thought the video was stuck. Nope, it was just an awesome reaction.
"The Potter ones are now in a box in my attic, "J.K. Rowling said.
Fans of egg breakfasts will love this!
Little Chanel kept her cool when she met Jimmy Fallon, but the same can't be said for Jimmy when he met little Chanel.
Our favorite new beauty products that'll make you go… "whaaaat?!"
Congratulations, Leah!
We want to wake up to this every morning!
Who doesn't love a laughing baby?!
See Nick Jonas' new music video here!
Attention parents: Gerber is recalling some pouches of its organic baby food.
She gets a perfect 10 in our book!
What's your favorite Beverly Cleary book?
Fans don't know who's the baby daddy in Bridget Jones's Baby — and neither does the cast!
Sex, religion, kids. Get on the same pre-proposal page as your partner.
"There's something about drinking caffeinated beverages that is associated with pregnancy loss."
"We're hoping to make a real difference in the lives of those with autism, as well as other disorders where something sensory friendly would be helpful."
Looking to redecorate this spring? Target has some promising options!
"That is just something [the kids are] gonna have to grow up with, because if we move to Timbuktu, some fool in Timbuktu's gonna buy a camera and follow us around, if they can make a living off of it."
Yeah, we'd live there after that makeover!
We have a slight obsession with this home's bathroom.
"With almost 40 years in public education, this is one of the finest changes I have made in improving student learning."
You'll always be Aunt Becky to us, Lori Loughlin!
From The Larry Sanders Show to Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee, Garry Shandling was both influential and beloved.
"We try to teach them to love one another."
"When I was younger, I was more insecure. But I always wanted to be me. When you are yourself and you don't try to copy, you get power. And you see that power the more you go on in life."
New government regulations make it clear that even a quarter-million dollars is a low salary by the standards of tech nexus Palo Alto, California. That and more in our favorite story today.
"Warning: Severely sleep-deprived mother can and will exhibit forgetfulness, random thoughts and bouts of tears. If any of these symptoms occur, back away slowly and administer babysitting services or caffeine as soon as possible."
We feel ya, Ginnifer.Goodwin.

"We picked each other up, answered for the other when one was tired and always kept silliness alive."
Shed or not, we'd be happy to work here any day!
"Man, I thought I was doing good with my yoga practice, I thought I was in the gym, but no."
"You will have a fantastic life as long as you make sure you do one thing," John Stamos told his 18-year-old self.
"It is like a perfect fit. I don't know how to explain it, it was just right," says nurse Nicole Boyd, after the adoption of her daughter was official.
"Precious Harley, your life mattered so very much and your legacy will live on for a long, long time to come."
Hearts melting.
Cheers to the newlyweds!
We'll say this: David Letterman seems to be enjoying retirement!
Cindy Crawford's family photos at the Grand Canyon are spectacular — and the scenery's not bad either!
"To put duty ahead of everything else is quite remarkable," Harry says of the long-reigning monarch.
Would you have liked Sex and the City's original pick for Big?
Hulk Hogan is speaking out after winning a lawsuit against Gawker regarding a sex tape...
It's a nice day for a TODAY wedding!
"There is nowhere on the planet that I can think of that she hasn't been," Prince Harry said about his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth.
More evidence that what's good for your heart is good for your head.
After a little bit of rearranging, John and Kaitlin were surprised with a honeymoon trip to Greece!
Sneaking a kiss during the first dance.
Kaitlin and John's first dance.
Congratulations, Kaitlin and John!!
We asked, you voted. Here are your #TODAYWedding winners!
What's the most ridiculous fight you've ever had with a significant other? Our anchors are sharing — and we totally empathize with Dylan Dreyer!
"These are serious times, and you're not behaving like you want to be president of the United States. You're behaving like you're on a reality TV show," Lindsey Graham said about Donald J. Trump.
We're remembering baseball legend, former TODAY host, and our friend Joe Garagiola.
It's the big day for our #TODAYWedding couple!   But they aren't the first pair to say 'I do' on TODAY. Here's a look at some of the others!
"Precious Harley, your life mattered so very much and your legacy will live on for a long, long time to come."
Your tango skills aren't too shabby, Barack Obama!
Tip # 4: Don't put too many items on your registry!
"When Jennifer Lawrence came out and talked about fair pay, she got a big backlash for speaking up about it. It doesn't matter how many zeroes there are — the point was that she should have been OK with taking less. And that's not acceptable in any job."
"Before I start my devotions, I tweet. Every time I read a scripture that I love, I try to get it down to 140 characters."
Because it's not just about the chocolate bunnies... here's how one Christian mom teaches her children the meaning of Easter.
Sometimes it feels like we need a megaphone to get our kids to listen. This video can help, no megaphone required: http://bit.ly/22vPtiG
Give your deviled eggs an upgrade!
A breakfast casserole will make your weekend even better.
"At 9 o'clock, pretty much on the dot, I try to call my mom … She's still one of the most wonderful people I've ever known in my entire life."  Morning Routines is brought to you by New York Lottery.
"Music is not only a healthy pastime, it is a wonderful, creative outlet for kids, and fosters a sense of community necessary to the emotional and social development of any child."
Our style crush on Allison Williams continues!
A new study shows how we use color to express our romantic interest.
Beginner's luck?
Ali Fedotowsky shared that she's "really starting to bond" with the baby.
MANAGE THE MAYHEM!
No bridesmaids' assistance necessary!
"I don't think the picture does that moment justice because it was such a real moment. It's like time stood still."
"We were just happy to bring her back to safety."
"A little bit into the bowl, a little on your lap. You kind of have to go with your gut to know how much to put in each."
"Gia had been so sick every single minute of the day. Months and months went by with us not seeing a smile on her face or joy in her eyes, and the first experience of seeing our little Gia back was when she and Drummer got together."
Which Bible-inspired film is your favorite?
From "brrr" to "baa"! These newborn lambs received a sweet gift in the mail.
"A little bit into the bowl, a little on your lap. You kind of have to go with your gut to know how much to put in each."
"God I'll miss Joe Garagiola," wrote Matt Lauer. "Was part of the soul of our show, and told me stories that made me laugh till I cried."
Try this tonight for an easy, healthy breakfast that your kids will think is actually a special treat!  The TODAY Parenting Team is sponsored by JOHNSON'S baby
Bindi Irwin often speaks of Steve Irwin being with her in spirit — and his truck was with her for the exam.
This puppy works hard, and plays even harder!  By NBC News Brand Studio and Merrick Pet Care
Prince Harry has had an amazing time in Nepal, and it's not over yet!
Happy National Puppy Day!
"The Queen and Prince Philip have sent their most sincere condolences to the people of Belgium, the families of those who have died and all affected by the terrorist attacks in Brussels."
Happy birthday, Keri Russell!
All by herself? Not anymore!  Here's the Bridget Jones's Baby trailer we've all been waiting for.
This big fella's snores = the opposite of annoying.
"A man who was in seven halls of fame went in to the hall of faith."
Is your area one of the pollen hot spots?
Watch Adele lead the sold-out concert in an emotional tribute.
How does Sheinelle Jones manage to do it all? The busy mom and anchor is sharing her secrets..
Three women and one man? Not a bad morning, Ewan McGregor!
Here's how you do Easter, Lidia Bastianich-style!
"The way he tries to change the subject is by lashing out and attacking my wife," Ted Cruz said of Donald J. Trump.
It's a Full House this morning with Lori Loughlin co-hosting TODAY's Take!
See how your version of Hanson's hit song matches up!
The beautiful Allison Williams stopped by this morning!
What a transformation! View the Rainbow Room in the 1930s — and now!
"I don't really ever want to step foot back there again, but I need to get home, so I'm going to do what I have to do,'' Sheerine Naraghi told Matt Lauer.
Our teenage selves have been waiting for this!
Our audience on the plaza is sending prayers to Brussels this morning.
"It looked like a tornado...After seeing the terror on his face, it was pretty clear that wasn't an accident."
Matt Lauer is live in Brussels this morning with the latest on the attacks.
"Whether you're 105 pounds or 200 pounds, I encourage women to not be afraid of flaunting whatever body you have."
"What we eat greatly influences our personal health and the global environment."
For anyone other than Adam Levine, it may have been the saddest birthday celebration ever.
Adele made a downright adorable — if we can call twerking that — attempt.
Who sang it better? Who cares?! We're swooning over both Gastons.
Congratulations, Hilary Swank!
Tip #1: Turn off the news. In the wake of the Brussels terror attacks, Dr. Gail Saltz offers tips on helping children cope with scary events.
"Years ago, before we had (commercial) infant formulas, things like this were done and babies got nutritional deficiencies and all sorts of problems. So we've come a long way."
It's not your typical NYC pad!
It's double trouble (or quadruple?) with this twinning prank!
This takes the term "going green" to another level.
LOVE some tender slow-cooker pork!
We were not expecting that!
"I carried her around for almost an hour and she was totally content. We never heard a peep out of her the entire class."
See a young Gillian Anderson reveal the reasons for The X-Files' success — and why she wasn't the original choice for the role of Dana Scully. (And tune in Wednesday to see Anderson on TODAY!)
"Even as I watched the terror replay again and again on my TV, I knew that, no matter what, my children and I will board our plane tonight. ... I won't allow myself to give in to the fear that terror provides, and I refuse to let my kids live in fear of terrorism."
We have a confession to make: We love these paintings!
Happy birthday, Reese Witherspoon!
Is this cat fur real?
"I couldn't figure out why I stood in the middle of the kitchen staring down at a piece of bread. Then I realized I'd just put my cell phone in the toaster."
Fans have responded in a big way, praising Jillian Mercado for being "beautiful inside and out."
"What a smile."
"Terror has no religion."
Malia's using her language skills to help her pop get to know some of the locals!
Did you know the Oscar-nominated actor and "Tonight Show" host starred in sitcom together called "Point Pleasant Police Department"?
With a little help from his friends, Kevan Chandler is off to destinations that his muscular atropy would otherwise have made inaccessible.
"It's a pregnancy she wanted badly for years and struggled deeply to conceive. Why wouldn't she be proud — and downright giddy — to strut that bump in front of the world?"
"I'm so proud of you for so many reasons."
The Eiffel Tower in Paris was illuminated in colors of the Belgian flag in tribute to the victims of terrorist attacks in Brussels.  Photo: Getty Images/Lionel Bonaventure
See the striking new body-positive spot Lane Bryant claims "the networks don't want you to see."
"I think he's overcome extraordinary obstacles to be the kid that he wants to be," said New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi.
Thinking buying for your in-laws is difficult? Try coming up with a gift for the Queen of England!
"Young people, including adolescents, are having heart attacks."
People hold hands as they gather at a makeshift memorial at Place de la Bourse in Brussels.  Photo: Getty Images/Kenzo Tribouillard
ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks, according to a post by its affiliated Amaq Agency. The post was deemed legitimate by NBC News counterterrorism consultancy Flashpoint.
Rob Ford, the boisterous, hard-partying and scandal-plagued former Toronto mayor, died Tuesday.
"I know that Americans have every reason to be frightened by what they see," Hillary Clinton told TODAY in her first interview since the attacks.
"Brussels is a total mess," Donald J. Trump told Matt Lauer and Savannah in response to this morning's attacks.
See the touching messages being shared to show solidarity with Belgium. #JeSuisBruxelles
Hours after at least two explosions ripped through Brussels, here's what we know.
At least two explosions rocked the check-in zone of Brussels Airport Tuesday, while another blast shook a metro station in the Belgian capital.
Start prepping now so you can enjoy the party, too!
Begin practicing your anger management techniques. You might have an IKEA trip coming up!
And all gowns are under $500!
Planning your summer vacation? Check out this list for inspiration!
The rising model, who often goes by Maddy, is an inspiration to all of us.
Watch a young Jake Gyllenhaal talk fame and family — and reveal the advice he got from Dustin Hoffman! (And tune in Tuesday when Gyllenhaal visits TODAY.)
"She had bad lung disease, struggling every day to take a breath …  and now she's dancing."
Instead of ignoring an accidental text from strangers, this man showed up – with gifts!
"With all the sorrow a heart can hold, we are beyond grief at the loss of the most amazing person in our lives."
"Every day I build up a little more strength and try to get a little more aggressive with things I want to do."

"I got to escape and kind of relax. It really took my mind off things."
"I don't know what I was thinking."
"Growing older, for me at least, is really empowering and not in any way daunting."
5 years ago, Joao Pereira de Souza found this tiny penguin, starving and coated in oil, and nursed him back to health. Then, he set him free. And every year since, he has traveled 5,000 miles to visit with the man who saved his life.
Kingston served as the ring bearer, while Zuma carried the bride's train.
"She just lived in the fetal position," said the mother of Anna Beam, who was relieved of an incurable illness after falling out of a tree. Now they're "so grateful."
"I was uncomfortable and unhappy," the "Modern Family" actress says. "I chose surgery because of how I felt, not because of what anyone else thought."
We spend much of our lives chasing happiness, inspiring a growing field of research devoted to finding out what makes us content. Experts say it's not always what you think.
Happy World Poetry Day! We're celebrating with this inspiring quote by Maya Angelou. #MindfulMondays

Watch this camera go where only some stalks of bamboo have gone before!
"That's one of the prerequisites for the job … To be a flower lady, you should be 90, at least."
Before the stars of My Big Fat Greek Wedding puckered up, they, well, puckered up!
Stop the constant sneezing before it happens!
We can't believe it'll be 20 years since Diana passed.
From the Dead Sea to the Western Wall, check out Kathie Lee Gifford's special tour of Israel!
Welcome spring with this light and delicious meal!
Watch Reese Witherspoon belt out her signature song!
Worried about the Zika virus while vacationing? Prepare yourself with these tips
Candied bacon?! Yes please!
There's never a dull moment with Kathie Lee and Hoda join TODAY's Take!
Avoid window streaks by following this advice!
We think that's an adorable substitute!
Winner of The Voice Jordan Smith sang for us this morning — a perfect way to start our week!
Our #TODAYwedding couple, John and Kaitlin, is chatting live about their honeymoon options!
Hawaii? Thailand? Greece? You can't go wrong with this vote.
"NO College Scholarships will be Handed Out Today"
Almost 60,000 U.S. bridges are literally falling down.   How many of them are near you?
Hi there, baby cheetahs! Welcome to the world!
The invoice includes a $1,000 charge for not being "appreciative of your mother's support."
Mindful meditation is about the breath and it changes the brain's attention to the pain.
It's amazing what some smart spending can do!
"Perfect marriages are extremely rare, if they even exist."
Who's headed to Oklahoma?!
There's even a "prayer cottage" in the backyard!
The debate is so over.
Ben Affleck got real about his ink.
If you've ever put a luscious mango in the fridge, only to find it sad and shriveled just days later...
"I pay my respects to those who perished and hope to do what I can to shine a spotlight on the resolve and resilience of the Nepalese people," Prince Harry said.
Time to freshen up your look!
Get the perfectly imperfect pants cuff that will stay put all day!
Want. This. Now!!
"Men and women want options that help them feel great about themselves. It's that simple."
No matter what the season, tea can be a tasty beverage. But its benefits go far beyond refreshment.
Happy first day of spring!
For many teenage girls, periods are not only embarrassing to talk about, but they're also expensive.
If any health claim sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
Don't forget the cardinal rule!
Ditch the traditional, sugar-laced candy basket, and opt for something healthier.
Less cleanup means more time to enjoy!
Duchess Kate opened up about Queen Elizabeth's relationship with Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
This property has been "home" to several celebs, including Justin Bieber.
Make this brisket over the weekend and thank yourself later!
This area of the world tends to focus on the positives in life.
"It's a piece of history, and it's something that will be hopefully in our family forever."
"No one really knows the total gem of a soul that Dolly Parton is."
Welcome to Instagram, Pope Francis!
Simply too cute!
Tom Colicchio shared that he lost his father right before he took his first job as a chef.
Shopping for your dream wedding gown? These dresses will be available on April 7.
If your #MarchMadness bracket busts, console yourself with BBQ meat loaf sliders!
Nia Vardalos thought she was a guest at Rue McClanahan's dinner party — until she was asked to cook the meal.
Has Susan Sarandon ever not been amazing? We're celebrating her visit to TODAY Monday with this 1982 clip where she opens up about her first Oscar nomination — and finding good roles. "I'm interested in films that are between men and women," she said. "I like exploring that relationship."
Get your dinner planning done for the week!
#HappyHour with a #MarchMadness twist!
Excited for the "Gilmore Girls" revival yet?
Make this letter of the alphabet to get rid of the most dust and allergens!
"I just hope now that the Purple Heart has been recovered that they will put a marker designating that on his grave."
At most, men spend an average of $224 on a single date, while women splurge an average of $93. That and more in our favorite story today.
Pies were flying in the studio and the March Madness bracket battle is on. Take a look at this week's highlights with the #SliceOfOrange!
NASA's website already has a countdown.
We could see a re-run of Scotland's 2014 independence referendum.
British Prime Minister David Cameron called for "fresh leadership" after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union.
A personal trainer is going to the mat against Sylvester Stallone.
World markets are already cratering.
C-SPAN itself is changing.
It is a potentially epochal event that could change the face not only of the United Kingdom but of Europe.
What will the fallout be?
He "could use the rest."
It's official. The "Brexit" is happening. The United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. Here is what to expect next.
There are about 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan.
The U.K. is about to become the first nation to leave the EU.
Everything you ever needed to know about tornadoes
In a seven-minute video posted to YouTube, Casebolt is seen using profanity and aggressively throwing a bikini-clad 15-year-old to the ground.
Oh, Twitterverse.

After her prank backfired, Darby Risner probably doesn't "love" Barney anymore.

Unimaginable.
"We're proud to celebrate all dogs and pets by showing that no matter their imperfections, they are adoptable, lovable and a great add to any family."
When Stacey Feeley found out why her 3-year-old was standing on a toilet, her heart broke. http://usat.ly/28SjGUe
Marines say they misidentified one man in iconic 1945 Iwo Jima photo.
Hillary Clinton may get millennial women's vote in November.
That didn't take long.
Police shot and killed a masked gunman in Germany, at least 25 people are injured.
To #Brexit, or to #Bremain? Polls have closed in the United Kingdom's historic vote on remaining in European Union.
Don't let the little white lies fool you: You probably will check your email on vacation. http://usat.ly/28ShJHv
Baltimore Officer Caesar Goodson Jr. had faced the most serious charge leveled against any of the officers charged for the death of Freddie Gray. usat.ly/28SkKrw
Hillary Clinton's day just got better.

Can a 70-year-old man change? (via USA TODAY Opinion)
USA Today reporter Alan Gomez breaks down the Supreme Court ruling on President Obama's program to protect up to four million undocumented immigrants from deportation.
So tragic.
The reptile that killed a toddler playing near a lagoon at a Disney resort has been euthanized, officials say. http://usat.ly/28SgY12
"Michael didn't live in peace, he didn't die in peace and apparently they're not going to let him rest in peace."
The results of the #Brexit vote are due Friday morning – more than enough time to drive a wedge between families who are voting today.
BREAKING: Democrats end their sit-in to protest gun violence
A pizza party happened on the House floor last night: http://usat.ly/28Qlk5K

The ruling, Clinton tweeted, "could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better."
"On the Democrats' side, we have a known known. On the Republican side, we have a recent entry, who's a known unknown."
House Dems vow to continue their sit-in when the House reconvenes after its July 4 break.
#BREAKING: Gunman injures up to 50 people in German cinema.
BREAKING: Baltimore Officer Caesar Goodson Jr. acquitted of second degree murder in Freddie Gray case. usat.ly/28SkKrw  (Photo: Jose Luis Magana, AP)
"I'm not going to just move him past Tim Duncan and Kobe. They didn't just die."
BREAKING: Supreme Court blocks President Obama's effort to protect more than 4 million undocumented immigrants.
BREAKING: Deeply divided Supreme Court upheld the use of racial preferences in admissions.
Ruff morning?
#TBT This dress was too gorgeous for Duchess Kate to wear just once. http://usat.ly/28S2fTH (Photo: Stephen Pond, Getty Images)
So. Many. F-bombs.

Brenda Tracy was gang-raped nearly 18 years ago by four men — two of whom played for Mike Riley.
The "day of reckoning" is here.
BREAKING: A Marine Corps investigation has concluded with near certainty that Pvt. 1st Class Harold Schultz was one of the Marines raising the flag in the photo, but he never said a word.
The sun-powered Solar Impulse aircraft lands in Europe, after completing one of the most challenging trips of the more than year-long journey around the world. (Getty Images)  More things to know today: http://usat.ly/28RUjSF
Should they leave or should they remain?







Toretto Tuesday... #F8







My friend Tony... The Return of Xander... The cast is just really incredible, so much talent... miss them.

Dom and Letty... #F8
When it's real, it is forever... Blessed...

No words...just pride, and gratitude for letting me be a part of your masterpiece...






This fan art poster is pretty intense...  Your creativity inspires.

April 14th, 2017!!!  Only one year away from the NEXT Chapter... brace yourselves...  #F8










Happy Birthday...








"We've cut the unemployment rate in half. We've been able to have the longest [stretch of] consecutive months of private-sector job growth in our history. Biggest job growth since the '90s in manufacturing. The auto industry has come roaring back and is selling more cars than ever…It's hard to argue with the facts." —President Obama discusses his economic record, trade, and higher wages with Bloomberg: http://bloom.bg/28XwPrt
"One of the reasons why America is such a diverse and inclusive nation is because we're a nation of immigrants. Our Founders conceived of this country as a refuge for the world." —President Obama. Today, a divided and incomplete Supreme Court failed to reach a decision on President Obama's actions to make our immigration system smarter, fairer, and more just. Watch the President's remarks: http://go.wh.gov/6ahJPi
"Find what you're passionate about and then just work your tail off. And success will come out of you putting your all into that passion." —President Obama shares his advice to young people with The Players' Tribune's Derek Jeter: mentor.gov #MyBrothersKeeper
"If we're going to raise our kids in a safer, more loving world, we need to speak up for it." —President Obama. Today, House Democrats began a sit-in to demand action to end gun violence. President Obama joins them in the call for commonsense gun reform: http://go.wh.gov/JcNJ9R #NoBillNoBreak

Watch Science Advisor Dr. John Holdren sit down with physicist Dr. Jim Gates to talk about 100 examples of President Obama's leadership in science and tech. go.wh.gov/STEM100 #SciencePresident
"When I talk to young kids and they ask me for advice, I say, 'Find what you're passionate about and then just work your tail off. And success will come out of you putting your all into that passion.' Being interested and engaged in life is the single most important pathway to success." —President Obama discussing the My Brother's Keeper initiative with The Players' Tribune publisher Derek Jeter. Learn more at mentor.gov.
"Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test, the Senate failed the American people." —President Obama: go.wh.gov/SvnSmM
For years, President Obama has called on Republicans in Congress to follow the will of the American people and enact commonsense laws to help reduce gun violence. For years they have actively done nothing. Last night, following the worst shooting in American history, they did it again—voting down basic measures that could help keep guns away from extremists who seek to kill people. It's pretty simple: People with possible ties to terrorism who aren't allowed on a plane shouldn't be allowed to buy a gun.  We can't stop every tragedy, but we can stop some of them. That should have been enough for Republican Senators last night. go.wh.gov/SvnSmM
"If you choose a place to expand your portfolio, to place your bets, to open up a plant, to start building the next great new business or service, you would select the USA—because nowhere in the world and never in history has there been a better place to grow your business" —President Obama: http://go.wh.gov/UU7VeZ #MadeInAmerica
Protecting and assisting refugees is part of our history as a nation. It's the American way. Under President Obama, the United States provides more humanitarian relief to refugees than any other nation—and by working together, we can help even more who are displaced find a safe haven and a new start: AidRefugees.gov #RefugeesWelcome

Sneak peek: Watch President Obama sit down with New York Yankees legend and The Players' Tribune publisher Derek Jeter this week.
"Here at Yosemite we connect not just with our own spirit, but with something greater." —President Obama celebrating 100 years of our National Parks this weekend.

Happy Father's Day! This weekend, President Obama and the First Family headed to Yosemite National Park for a summer adventure to celebrate 100 years of the National Park Service. See more from their trip at go.wh.gov/ParksTrip.

"We have to have the foresight, and the faith in the future, to do what it takes to protect our parks and to protect this planet for generations to come." —President Obama. Explore the site of the President's speech in Yosemite National Park just before his arrival—then watch the President talk about why it's so important we protect America's national treasures like this: go.wh.gov/ParksTrip

"The parks belong to all of us. This planet belongs to all of us. It's the only one we've got." —President Obama speaking about the importance of protecting and preserving America's natural heritage from the heart of Yosemite National Park: http://go.wh.gov/ParksTrip #FindYourPark #NPS100
"It's unconscionable that we allow easy access to weapons of war in these places—and then, even after we see parents grieve for their children, the fact that we as a country do nothing to prevent the next heartbreak makes no sense. So this past week, I've also thought a lot about dads and moms around the country who've had to explain to their children what happened in Orlando." —President Obama reflecting on Father's Day after his visit with the families of the victims of the Orlando terrorist attack: http://go.wh.gov/HYaRd9

"They asked why does this keep happening and they pleaded that we do more to stop the carnage." Watch President Obama and Vice President Biden visit Orlando in this edition of West Wing Week: http://go.wh.gov/o45VQN
"These families could be our families. In fact, they are our family—they're part of the American family." —President Obama in Orlando: http://go.wh.gov/o45VQN
"Today, once again, as has been true too many times before, I held and hugged grieving family members and parents, and they asked, why does this keep happening? And they pleaded that we do more to stop the carnage. They don't care about the politics. Neither do I. Neither does Joe. And neither should any parent out there who's thinking about their kids being not in the wrong place, but in places where kids are supposed to be.    This debate needs to change. It's outgrown the old political stalemates. The notion that the answer to this tragedy would be to make sure that more people in a nightclub are similarly armed to the killer defies common sense. Those who defend the easy accessibility of assault weapons should meet these families and explain why that makes sense. They should meet with the Newtown families—some of whom Joe saw yesterday—whose children would now be finishing fifth grade—on why it is that we think our liberty requires these repeated tragedies. That's not the meaning of liberty." —President Obama in Orlando: http://go.wh.gov/udFSuN
"These are young people who study in our schools, they play in our neighborhoods, they're friends with our kids, they pledge allegiance to our flag. They are Americans in their heart, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper." —President Obama. Four years ago today, the President announced that he was taking action to allow young people known as DREAMers, brought to the U.S. as children, to request temporary relief from deportation on a case-by-case basis if they can demonstrate that they meet several criteria. Celebrate by reading stories of the contributions that some of these young people have made to our nation since 2012: http://go.wh.gov/Db8Tjc
"We don't turn our backs on our fellow Americans. We don't treat folks differently because of where they live. Instead, we treat each other as Americans. We come together, especially when it's hard." —President Obama calling on Congress to help Puerto Rico overcome its economic crisis: http://go.wh.gov/29aMnY
"Our country is not just all about the Benjamins—it's about the Tubmans, too. We need all our young people to know that Clara Barton and Lucretia Mott and Sojourner Truth and Eleanor Roosevelt and Dorothy Height, those aren't just for Women's History Month. They're the authors of our history, women who shaped their destiny." —President Obama at The United State of Women Summit: go.wh.gov/Women
Today, we'll change tomorrow. Watch First Lady Michelle Obama sit down with Oprah Winfrey at The United State of Women Summit to talk about the progress they've seen women achieve and encourage young women to take action so that that progress continues for generations to come. go.wh.gov/Women #StateOfWomen
"That's the American military. That's America. One team. One nation. Those are the values ISIL's trying to destroy." —President Obama speaking on the fight against ISIL after meeting with his National Security Council: go.wh.gov/ISIL

Watch President Obama speak after his briefing on the attack in Orlando, Florida: http://go.wh.gov/o45VQN
"In the face of hate and violence, we will love another. We will not give in to fear or turn against each other. Instead, we will stand united, as Americans, to protect our people, and defend our nation, and to take action against those who threaten us." —President Obama on the tragic shooting in Orlando: http://go.wh.gov/ab6dbt

"Puerto Ricans are American citizens, just like folks in Maine or Oklahoma or New Mexico. And over the last decade, Puerto Rico has suffered through a deep and painful recession—but unlike the rest of the United States, it hasn't recovered."  —President Obama on addressing Puerto Rico's economic crisis: http://go.wh.gov/29aMnY
"I grew up watching him. I grew up having my identify shaped by what he accomplished." —President Obama on Muhammad Ali: http://go.wh.gov/t5zEJS
Jimmy Fallon: "What you're saying is this trade deal will help put everyday Americans back to…" President Obama: "Work, work, work, work." ustr.gov/TPP #LeadOnTrade
"One of the most special moments of my presidency was that warm summer night last June when we lit up the White House out there. It was a powerful symbol here at home, where more Americans finally felt accepted and whole, and that their country recognized the love that they felt. It was a beacon for people around the world who are still fighting for those rights. It was a reminder that when the change we seek comes, and when we move a little bit further on our journey toward equality and justice, we still have a responsibility to reach back and help pull up others who are striving to do the same." —President Obama celebrating #Pride2016 at the White House: http://go.wh.gov/8PtevE
"I want to make sure that the whole world is able to pass on to future generations the God-given beauty of this planet." —President Obama  The First Family is taking a summer trip to take in the great American outdoors! Next week, they'll head to Carlsbad Caverns National Park and Yosemite National Park to see the national heritage we're working to preserve. Check out this highlight reel of POTUS in the wild—behind the scenes footage from past trips, from striking panorama to GoPro selfies—to get a flavor of what you can expect next week.

"We're no longer just talking about closing the gender gap in tech—we're actually doing it."  —Girls Who Code Founder Reshma Saujani. Make sure your friends see this if you're ready for next week's summit on The United State of Women: http://go.wh.gov/48T455 #StateOfWomen
"In Paris, the joining of forces between India and the United States helped forge a historic agreement that can effectively deal with climate change." —President Obama on what the world's two largest democracies can do when they come together in partnership. Watch more from his meeting today with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House: http://go.wh.gov/vTZR5r
"For 88 years, Helen Chavez was a force of quiet strength, but she left a legacy that will echo for generations. Alongside her husband, Cesar, she devoted her life to organizing farmworkers in California  and across America, fighting for higher wages, better working conditions, and a brighter future—La Causa. She managed her union's finances, prepared meals, marched in picket lines, and was even arrested for her actions, all because she believed in the dignity of America's farmworkers—men and women she toiled with in the fields, even as she raised eight children and helped lead a movement.    I had the great privilege to meet Helen when I designated the home that she and Cesar lived in for so long as the Cesar E. Chavez National Monument. Michelle and I send our condolences to her many children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren—including her granddaughter, Julie Chavez Rodriguez, a trusted member of our White House team. And we join them all in celebration of a life well lived—a life that proves those who love their country can change it. Sí se puede." —President Obama on the passing of Helen Chavez
"This is your chance to make a difference in the lives of girls around the world who are counting on you to tell their stories." —First Lady Michelle Obama on the White House Film Fest, now open for entries from student K-12 and Peace Corps volunteers: wh.gov/filmfest
Imagine this: You're standing by a lake, and you see someone drowning. You have the ability to save that person, but your hands are tied. That's how doctors working with the CDC feel about the Zika virus, an emergency we need to address: http://go.wh.gov/PoqDoL
"Real change starts from the ground up." —President Obama. Here's how we're working with local communities to make sure that all of our children, no matter their zip code, have the opportunity to achieve their dreams: http://go.wh.gov/YogaNX  Photo ©Marc PoKempner, 1995
"This team is far more than a collection of players. The Broncos are a way of life not just in Colorado but throughout the Mountain West." —President Obama congratulating the 2016 Super Bowl Champion Denver Broncos: http://go.wh.gov/ah3HRc
When women succeed, America succeeds. Find out how you can join The United State of Women Summit on Tuesday, June 14: http://www.theunitedstateofwomen.org

"So how come you look so good? What's your secret?" Watch President Obama meet 108-year-old Lester Townsend in Elkhart, Indiana: http://go.wh.gov/5UDgxP
"When we come together to do important things, it's usually because we've told a good story about why we should be working together." —President Obama. Ready to tell your story? Find out how students K-12 can enter the White House Student Film Festival by July 15th, 2016: wh.gov/filmfest   #WHFilmFest
Japan, Indiana, Colorado and Arlington: this week's episode of West Wing Week covers a lot of ground. http://go.wh.gov/hExhjY

"Muhammad Ali was The Greatest. Period. If you just asked him, he'd tell you. He'd tell you he was the double greatest; that he'd 'handcuffed lightning, thrown thunder into jail.'   But what made The Champ the greatest—what truly separated him from everyone else—is that everyone else would tell you pretty much the same thing.    Like everyone else on the planet, Michelle and I mourn his passing. But we're also grateful to God for how fortunate we are to have known him, if just for a while; for how fortunate we all are that The Greatest chose to grace our time.    In my private study, just off the Oval Office, I keep a pair of his gloves on display, just under that iconic photograph of him—the young champ, just 22 years old, roaring like a lion over a fallen Sonny Liston. I was too young when it was taken to understand who he was—still Cassius Clay, already an Olympic Gold Medal winner, yet to set out on a spiritual journey that would lead him to his Muslim faith, exile him at the peak of his power, and set the stage for his return to greatness with a name as familiar to the downtrodden in the slums of Southeast Asia and the villages of Africa as it was to cheering crowds in Madison Square Garden.   'I am America,' he once declared. 'I am the part you won't recognize. But get used to me—black, confident, cocky; my name, not yours; my religion, not yours; my goals, my own. Get used to me.'   That's the Ali I came to know as I came of age—not just as skilled a poet on the mic as he was a fighter in the ring, but a man who fought for what was right. A man who fought for us. He stood with King and Mandela; stood up when it was hard; spoke out when others wouldn't. His fight outside the ring would cost him his title and his public standing. It would earn him enemies on the left and the right, make him reviled, and nearly send him to jail. But Ali stood his ground. And his victory helped us get used to the America we recognize today.   He wasn't perfect, of course. For all his magic in the ring, he could be careless with his words, and full of contradictions as his faith evolved. But his wonderful, infectious, even innocent spirit ultimately won him more fans than foes—maybe because in him, we hoped to see something of ourselves. Later, as his physical powers ebbed, he became an even more powerful force for peace and reconciliation around the world. We saw a man who said he was so mean he'd make medicine sick reveal a soft spot, visiting children with illness and disability around the world, telling them they, too, could become the greatest. We watched a hero light a torch, and fight his greatest fight of all on the world stage once again; a battle against the disease that ravaged his body, but couldn't take the spark from his eyes.    Muhammad Ali shook up the world. And the world is better for it. We are all better for it. Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to his family, and we pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." —President Obama
"This week, I returned to Elkhart. Unemployment there has now fallen to around four percent. More families are back on sturdy ground; more are covered by health insurance; more of their kids are graduating from high school. And it's no accident—it's because people there worked hard, and sacrificed, and looked out for each other. But it's also because we made a series of smart decisions early in my presidency. To rescue the auto industry. To help families refinance their homes. To invest in things like high-tech manufacturing, clean energy, and the infrastructure that creates good new jobs—not to mention the job training that helps folks earn new skills to fill those jobs." —President Obama on returning to Elkhart, Indiana this week after seven years: http://go.wh.gov/rZGbj1
"Take care of each other. Take care of those under your command. And as long as you keep strong that Long Blue Line, stay true to the values you've learned here—integrity, service before self, excellence—do this and I'm confident that we will always remain one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Congratulations, Class of 2016." —President Obama at the US Air Force Academy (Official): http://go.wh.gov/z3zE9h
President Obama just granted clemency to 42 men and women serving years in prison under outdated and unduly harsh sentencing laws. He's now commuted the sentences of more people than the last seven presidents combined—348 men and women who have earned a second chance. go.wh.gov/clemency

"Second Amendment rights are important, but there are other rights that we care about as well. And we have to be able to balance them. Because our right to worship freely and safely—that right was denied to Christians in Charleston, South Carolina. And that was denied Jews in Kansas City. And that was denied Muslims in Chapel Hill, and Sikhs in Oak Creek. They had rights, too. Our right to peaceful assembly—that right was robbed from moviegoers in Aurora and Lafayette. Our unalienable right to life, and liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—those rights were stripped from college students in Blacksburg and Santa Barbara, and from high schoolers at Columbine, and from first-graders in Newtown. First-graders. And from every family who never imagined that their loved one would be taken from our lives by a bullet from a gun. Every time I think about those kids it gets me mad. And by the way, it happens on the streets of Chicago every day." —President Obama on why it's time to #StopGunViolence: go.wh.gov/SvnSmM  #WearOrange
"Cadets, in your positions of leadership, you will be called upon to sustain this balance—to be hard-headed and big-hearted; guided by realism and idealism, even when these forces are sometimes at odds. We've got to have the realism to see the world as it is—where sometimes uncomfortable compromises are necessary; where we have the humility to recognize that there are limits to what even a nation as powerful as ours can do; that there may be wars we cannot always stop right away, or lives we cannot save. But we also need the idealism that sees the world as it ought to be—a commitment to the universal values of democracy and equality and human rights, and a willingness to stand up for them around the world—not just when it's easy, but when it's hard. Because that's who we are and that's American leadership." — President Obama to the U.S. Air Force Academy Class of 2016

"We decided to help the auto industry restructure, and we helped families refinance their homes. We decided to invest in job training so that folks who lost their jobs could retool. We decided to invest in things like high-tech manufacturing and clean energy and infrastructure, so that entrepreneurs wouldn't just bring back the jobs that we had lost, but create new and better jobs, and folks who had lost work from the construction industry because the housing market had collapsed could go back to work rebuilding America. And we can see the results not just here in Elkhart, but across the nation. By almost every economic measure, America is better off than when I came here at the beginning of my presidency." —President Obama returning to Elkhart, Indiana more than seven years after his first trip there to highlight the progress we've made together as a nation: go.wh.gov/Elkhart
In 2009, President Obama traveled to Elkhart, Indiana just three weeks into his presidency when the country was in the depths of recession. The unemployment rate in Elkhart was on its way to 20%. Today, Elkhart's unemployment rate is 4.3%, and its recovery is the story of America's recovery. Watch as President Obama returns to Elkhart to talk about the progress we've made together: go.wh.gov/Elkhart
"This is a team for the ages, on and off the court. Their grades ranked in the top 10 percent nationally. That's worth applauding. All five seniors graduated. In fact, ever since the 1970s, the Wildcats have graduated every four-year player. And that's the kind of record that you really want." —President Obama on the 2016 NCAA March Madness Men's Champion Villanova University Wildcats: http://go.wh.gov/nPG3BV
"It is every citizen's responsibility to be prepared for a disaster. And that means taking proactive steps, like having an evacuation plan, having a fully stocked disaster supply kit. If your local authorities ask you to evacuate, you have to do it. Don't wait." —President Obama on being prepared for hurricane season. Find out how you and your family can get prepared at Ready.gov.
"Here, at Arlington, the deafening sounds of combat have given way to the silence of these sacred hills. The chaos and confusion of battle has yielded to perfect, precise rows of peace. The Americans who rest here, and their families—the best of us, those from whom we asked everything—ask of us today only one thing in return: that we remember them." —President Obama at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day: go.wh.gov/MemorialDay
"Since that fateful day, we have made choices that give us hope. The United States and Japan forged not only an alliance, but a friendship that has won far more for our people than we could ever claim through war. The nations of Europe built a union that replaced battlefields with bonds of commerce and democracy. Oppressed peoples and nations won liberation. An international community established institutions and treaties that worked to avoid war and aspire to restrict and roll back, and ultimately eliminate the existence of nuclear weapons." —President Obama at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial, nearly 71 years after the atomic bomb fell in 1945 and changed the world: go.wh.gov/Hiroshima
4 cities in 5 days: Get a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's whirlwind trip to Vietnam and Japan.
"This Memorial weekend, I hope you'll join me in acts of remembrance. Lay a flower or plant a flag at a fallen hero's final resting place. Reach out to a Gold Star Family in your community, and listen to the story they have to tell. Send a care package to our troops overseas, volunteer to make a wounded warrior's day a little easier, or hire a veteran who is ready and willing to serve at home just as they did abroad. Or just pause, take a moment, and offer a silent word of prayer or a public word of thanks. The debt we owe our fallen heroes is one we can never truly repay. But our responsibility to remember is something we can live up to every day of the year." —President Obama commemorating Memorial Day weekend: http://go.wh.gov/8mHiU8
"What a world-revolutionary development is the practical use of atomic physics! It's damned fortunate that we were first in its military use and it may—and probably will—be the final all-important factor in ending this war. But it's not a pleasant weapon to contemplate, almost impossible to grasp its possibilities, the possibilities of practical use of atomic physics. As far as I can see it's sink or swim, suffering or happiness to mankind; and mankind's past performances don't make me too optimistic." An army doctor wrote home from the war in the Pacific days after the United States dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima. Last month, his son sent the letters to President Obama. Read the President's response today: http://go.wh.gov/HiroshimaLetters
"We stand here, in the middle of this city, and force ourselves to imagine the moment the bomb fell. We force ourselves to feel the dread of children confused by what they see. We listen to a silent cry. We remember all the innocents killed across the arc of that terrible war, and the wars that came before, and the wars that would follow. Mere words cannot give voice to such suffering, but we have a shared responsibility to look directly into the eye of history and ask what we must do differently to curb such suffering again. Someday the voices of the hibakusha will no longer be with us to bear witness. But the memory of the morning of August 6th, 1945 must never fade. That memory allows us to fight complacency. It fuels our moral imagination. It allows us to change." —President Obama. Today, he became the first sitting U.S. President to visit Hiroshima: go.wh.gov/Hiroshima
Later today, President Obama will become the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima, Japan. Get a live update from Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes from the Iwakuni Marine Corps air station ahead of the President's historic visit.
"The alliance between the United States and Japan is a critical foundation for the security of both of our countries. That alliance has also helped to fortify peace and security throughout the region." —President Obama: http://go.wh.gov/p7SGbv
From craft beer to kitchen decor, trade with America is essential to small businesses at home and abroad. Watch a few entrepreneurs in Malaysia share why President Obama's trade deal and #MadeInAmerica goods matter to them: http://go.wh.gov/gbdjXc
"This is the best assignment ever in my life." Watch President Obama's interpreter in Vietnam share what this visit meant to him and to the country where he was born: http://go.wh.gov/L8WZBB
"Decide what it is that you care about deeply, and then put everything you have into doing that.  If you're interested in social media and you want to start a company, then focus on that.  And if you're interested in health care for people in villages around Vietnam, focus on that. And if you get good at that, naturally you'll end up being a leader and you'll have opportunities to do great things in the future." —President Obama giving advice to young Southeast Asian leaders during a town hall in Ho Chi Minh: http://go.wh.gov/6ZE3NL
"I want to say to all the young people listening: Your talent, your drive, your dreams—in those things, Vietnam has everything it needs to thrive. Your destiny is in your hands. This is your moment. And as you pursue the future that you want, I want you to know that the United States of America will be right there with you as your partner and as your friend." —President Obama. Watch live as the President answers questions in a town hall with young Southeast Asian leaders in Vietnam.
"When I spoke to the people of Elkhart in February of 2009, I promised them that if we worked together, we could pull that community and this country out of the depths of recession—that we could not only recover, but put ourselves on a better, stronger course." Next week, President Obama will return to Elkhart, Indiana, the first city he visited as President, to highlight the progress we've made together and the promise he kept: go.wh.gov/Elkhart

"A generation after young Americans came here to fight, a new generation of Americans are going to come here to teach and build and deepen the friendship between us." —President Obama on the Peace Corps coming to Vietnam for the first time: http://go.wh.gov/oTP5DL
"After all, it was a yearning for these rights that inspired people around the world, including Vietnam, to throw off colonialism. And I believe that upholding these rights is the fullest expression of the independence that so many cherish, including here, in a nation that proclaims itself to be 'of the People, by the People, and for the People.'" —President Obama on upholding our basic human rights with the people of Vietnam: http://go.wh.gov/oTP5DL
"Over the past century, our two nations have known cooperation and then conflict, painful separation, and a long reconciliation. Now, more than two decades of normalized ties between our governments allows us to reach a new moment. It's clear from this visit that both our peoples are eager for an even closer relationship, a deeper relationship. And I was moved to see so many people lining the streets as we were driving into town today. I bring greetings and friendship of the American people, including some outstanding members of Congress who are joining me on this visit, and so many Vietnamese Americans whose families bind us together and remind us of the values that we share." —President Obama in Vietnam: http://go.wh.gov/5KF8HL
Sneak peek: Today President Obama sat down with Anthony Bourdain during his visit to Hanoi, Vietnam.
"You really can make a difference. You can't transform the world overnight. It's frustrating. There are setbacks. Progress is incremental." —President Obama to the outgoing spring class of White House interns: http://go.wh.gov/E4PoT1
"I'm confident that you can make the right choices—away from fear and division and paralysis, and toward cooperation and innovation and hope." —President Obama to the Rutgers University Class of 2016: http://go.wh.gov/CJ193K
Here's why President Obama made a cameo on one of Cuba's biggest comedy shows: http://go.wh.gov/zkZRtT
"This is the single biggest step I can take through executive action to raise wages for the American people. It means that millions of hardworking Americans like Elizabeth will either get paid for working more than 40 hours, or they'll get more time with their families. Either way, they win. The middle class wins. And America wins." —President Obama on extending overtime protections for American workers: http://go.wh.gov/qzPJm7
We've got 99 wins for wildlife and a black bear is one. President Obama's Administration has led more wildlife recoveries than any other administration in history → go.wh.gov/WildlifeWin #EndangeredSpeciesDay #WildlifeWin
"We have a narrow window of opportunity to scale up programs, to figure out how the virus is spreading, to stop it, and to develop a vaccine." —Dr. Frieden of the CDC and Dr. Fauci of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) explain why Congress needs to pass President Obama's emergency funding request to combat the Zika virus: go.wh.gov/zika
"My name is Joe Biden and I love ice cream."
What's the story behind this photo of President Obama presenting the Medal of Valor to a 6-foot-7 public safety officer? While off duty, Los Angeles Police Department's Officer Donald Thompson traversed two freeway dividers and endured first- and second-degree burns while pulling an unconscious man to safety from a car moments before it became engulfed in flames. Find out more about the 13 recipients of the Medal of Valor who went beyond the call of duty to save the lives of strangers: go.wh.gov/MedalOfValor

Calling all kid scientists: President Obama wants to hear from you → go.wh.gov/KidScienceAdvisors
If you work more, you should get paid more. It's that simple. That's why President Obama just announced new steps to extend overtime protections to 4.2 million more Americans. Tell us what getting paid overtime would mean to you at go.wh.gov/Overtime.

"On May 17, Americans and people around the world mark the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia by reaffirming the dignity and inherent worth of all people, regardless of who they love or their gender identity.   Our nation is committed to the principle that all people should be treated fairly and with respect. Advancing this goal has long been a cornerstone of American diplomacy, and I am proud that my Administration has made advancing the human rights of LGBT individuals a specific focus of our engagement around the world. I am also proud of the great strides that our nation has made at home in recent years, including that we now have marriage equality as a result of last year's landmark Supreme Court decision.   At the same time, there is much work to be done to combat homophobia and transphobia, both at home and abroad. In too many places, LGBT individuals grow up forced to conceal or deny who they truly are for fear of persecution, discrimination, and violence. All nations and all communities can, and must, do better. Fortunately, human rights champions and good citizens around the world continue to strive towards this goal every day by lifting up the simple truth that LGBT rights are human rights. The United States honors their work and will continue to support them in their struggle for human dignity." —President Obama on the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia
Watch President Obama thank 13 public safety officers and their families for displaying exceptional courage in protecting others from harm: http://go.wh.gov/YJP9ti

"Medals and ceremonies like today are important, but these aren't enough to convey the true depth of our gratitude. Our words will be hollow if they're not matched by deeds. So, our nation has a responsibility to support those who serve and protect us." —President Obama on presenting the Medal of Valor to 13 public safety officers who exhibited exceptional courage in the line of duty: http://go.wh.gov/5xjvYZ

"Progress is bumpy. It always has been. But because of dreamers and innovators and strivers and activists, progress has been this nation's hallmark. I'm fond of quoting Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who said, 'The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.' I believe that. But I also believe that the arc of our nation, the arc of our world, does not bend toward justice, or freedom, or equality, or prosperity on its own. It depends on us, on the choices we make, particularly at certain inflection points in history; particularly when big changes are happening and everything seems up for grabs." —President Obama to the class of 2016 at Rutgers University's 250th Anniversary Commencement: go.wh.gov/XS3Rfi
Go behind the scenes on the White House South Lawn as President Obama and the First Lady arrive at the Nordic State Dinner. #NordicVisit
"Hey, everybody. I'm here with President Obama because I take this personally." Watch as Grammy Award-winning artist Macklemore teams up with President Obama in this week's address to discuss a disease that affects far too many Americans: addiction.  http://go.wh.gov/qXkwvo
"You might say to yourself a little phrase that I've found handy these last 8 years: Yes We Can." —President Obama giving advice to the Class of 2016 this week at Howard University: http://go.wh.gov/jLrGBW
"I will admit that to our American ears Nordic languages and expressions can sometimes be a little confusing. We have a television program here called Game of Thrones—that's what it sounds like sometimes. But the truth is that we are grateful to everything our Nordic friends have contributed to us—not just in terms of partnerships and politics, but our culture. We read our children Hans Christian Anderson and Pippi Longstocking. Our children's imaginations come to life with Legos. Our homes and lives are infused with Scandinavian furniture and design. Some of us dance and sing to ABBA and Avicii. I do want to point out that Finland has perhaps the most heavy metal bands in the world, per capita, and also ranks high on good governance—I don't know that there's any correlation there. Thanks to Nordic innovators: We share our music on Spotify, stay in touch by Skype, and millions spend what would otherwise be productive hours on on Minecraft, Angry Birds, and Candy Crush." —President Obama welcoming Nordic leaders to the United States: http://go.wh.gov/Vwqj9y
Check out this new tool that can help make it easier to pay off your student loans—in 5 steps or less: studentloans.gov/repay
"It is a testament to his character that Judge Garland is just as comfortable talking with a five-year-old about toy trucks as he is talking with his clerks about constitutional law." Here's what the clerks who worked for Chief Judge Merrick Garland remember about President Obama's Supreme Court nominee: http://go.wh.gov/3cCB3N
The Zika virus is an emergency. Congress should treat it as one and pass President Obama's funding request that he announced over two months ago. Here's why we need Republican Members of Congress to act now: go.wh.gov/Zika
If you're traveling or live in an area that is affected by the Zika virus, watch this video to see how you can protect yourself and your family from Zika. Then see what President Obama is doing—and what Congress needs to do—to help protect the American people: go.wh.gov/Zika
"What do you think? Stylin', huh?" —President Obama with the National Champion, UConn Women's Basketball after receiving a rocking chair as a gift from the team: http://go.wh.gov/yaifH3
Just announced: On May 27, President Obama will become the first sitting U.S. President to visit Hiroshima → http://go.wh.gov/6HWzv1

"You have more capacity, more power in your hands right now, and your prospects for your lives are better right now than they've ever been, in the aggregate, on average. And so you've got to take advantage of that. That's because somebody along the way imagined something better, and worked for it, and that's your job." —President Obama. Watch the President give advice to the outgoing class of White House interns: http://go.wh.gov/89D3ju
"All of us remember that game. It was one of the greatest college games of all time." —President Obama. Today, after 33 years, the President honored the 1983 NC State Basketball champions at the White House.

54 days have passed since President Obama announced his Supreme Court nominee, Chief Judge Merrick Garland. Since 1875, every Supreme Court nominee has received a Senate hearing or vote—until now. In an unprecedented level of obstruction, Senate Republicans are refusing to even hold a hearing for Judge Garland. See why it's well past time for Senators to fulfill their constitutional responsibility on the Supreme Court: wh.gov/SCOTUS #DoYourJob
Happy Mother's Day!

"When your journey seems too hard, and when you run into a chorus of cynics who tell you that you're being foolish to keep believing, or that you can't do something, or that you should just give up, that you should just settle, you might say to yourself a little phrase that I've found handy these last eight years: Yes We Can." —President Obama to the Howard University Class of 2016: http://go.wh.gov/spvJiD #HowardU16
"You have to have a sense of humor to be a good teacher." Watch President Obama meet the Teacher of the Year Jahana Hayes and one of her students during Teacher Appreciation Week. http://go.wh.gov/JtcNVr #ThankATeacher
"I've given a lot of speeches. One of my favorites is one I gave in Selma, and there's a riff when I talk about what America is. I'm talking about Jackie Robinson and a ranch hand, about an immigrant on the Lower East Side and a bunch of G.I.s landing on the shores of Normandy. I love it because it captures the essential miracle of this country: all these pieces from every corner of the globe. It works in fits and starts. It's messy, and it's ugly. There's sadness and tragedy. Yet something distinctive and full of energy emerges from it. And it captures the imaginations of people all around the world." —President Obama talking about one of his favorite speeches with Bryan Cranston: http://nyti.ms/1UE6thB
Here's what the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record looks like: 14.6 million jobs over 74 straight months. Watch live at 12pm ET as President Obama speaks on the economy and how we're leveling the playing field for American workers.
"We couldn't have done it without you. Together, we increased high school and college graduation rates, cutting the Latino dropout rate by more than half since 2000. Together, we ensured that more than 700,000 DREAMers have the opportunity to reach their potential. Together, we continue to fight to fix our broken immigration system." —President Obama celebrating his final Cinco de Mayo at the White House: http://go.wh.gov/v1UaZn
Breaking: "Today, I commuted the sentences of an additional 58 individuals just as deserving as Phillip—individuals who can look to him as inspiration for what is possible in their lives." —President Obama on why he's granting clemency to men and women who have earned a second chance: http://go.wh.gov/Jdxxgd
"When something like this happens, a young girl shouldn't have to go to Washington to be heard. I thought her President should come to Flint to meet with her." —President Obama on 8-year-old Mari Copeny. Mari, AKA "Little Miss Flint", wrote to the President about how she's working to bring attention to the public health crisis in her community, and yesterday she met the President in Michigan: http://go.wh.gov/ky2U3r

Dance. Or dance not. There is no try. #MayThe4thBeWithYou
"I want all of you to know I am confident that Flint will come back. I will not rest, and I'm going to make sure that the leaders, at every level of government, don't rest until every drop of water that flows to your homes is safe to drink and safe to cook with, and safe to bathe in—because that's part of the basic responsibilities of a government in the United States of America." —President Obama in Flint: http://go.wh.gov/jy5QCi
"This was a manmade disaster. This was avoidable. This was preventable." —President Obama in Flint, Michigan on why we need to work together to protect our communities: http://go.wh.gov/jy5QCi
Watch 2016 National Teacher of the Year Jahana Hayes share how her own life's hurdles made her a great teacher: go.wh.gov/ThankATeacher #ThankATeacher
"The men and women who teach our children fulfill the promise of a nation that's always looking forward, that believes each generation has a responsibility to help the next in building this great country of ours and making the world a better place. President Kennedy said, 'Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education.' Now, the school where Jahana teaches happens to bear President Kennedy's name. And it's fitting then that the perspective, the approach that she brings to the classroom suits the philosophy that he articulated." —President Obama on the 2016 National Teacher of the Year Jahana Hayes: go.wh.gov/ThankATeacher #TeacherAppreciationDay

It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek! Join us in celebrating all the hard-working teachers in our lives. #ThankATeacher
"Guten tag!" Watch President Obama travel across the pond to England and Germany and finish up a three nation, seven-day trip abroad, take a walk-and-talk with iconic interviewer Charlie Rose, and honor the U.S. Naval Academy: http://go.wh.gov/jPvzzc
"Traditionally, Presidents don't stick around after they're done, and it's something that I've been brooding about a little bit." —President Obama at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner: http://go.wh.gov/WHCD #WHCD

"For Michelle and me, this Passover is different from all other Passovers because it will mark our last Seder in the White House—a tradition we have looked forward to each year since hosting the first-ever White House Seder in 2009. We will join millions around the world to celebrate redemption at God's mighty hand and pray for those who still are denied their freedom." —President Obama: http://go.wh.gov/p3zmRe
Your pets are a part of your family. Here's some helpful tips on how to keep them safe in the event of an emergency — with your friends Bo and Sunny! Learn more about #PetPreparedness: ready.gov/pets
"There is absolutely no reason for Republican Senators to deny him the basic courtesy of a hearing and a vote – the same courtesy that has been extended to others. This refusal to treat a Supreme Court nomination with the seriousness it deserves is what makes people so cynical about Washington. That's why poll after poll shows a majority of Americans think Senate Republicans should do their job; give Judge Garland a hearing; and give Judge Garland a vote." —President Obama on why it's time for Senate Republicans to do their job: http://go.wh.gov/3YaCG5 #DoYourJob
Get ready for an evening of jazz: Watch some of the International #JazzDay Concert live on the South Lawn.

Watch live: A surprise guest joins the White House Press Briefing. #FlashbackFriday


"If you care about climate change, you care about college costs, you care about career opportunities, you care about war and peace and refugees, you can't just complain. You've got to vote." —President Obama speaking to college reporters: http://go.wh.gov/A2ZNr1

Just announced: President Obama will travel to Flint, Michigan on May 4 to hear directly from the members of the community. See his letter to eight-year-old Mari who is working to bring attention to their public health crisis: http://go.wh.gov/wEzsCU

What happens when the process of appointing judges is so broken, so partisan that an eminently qualified jurist cannot even get a hearing? Watch President Obama explain why Senate Republicans need to do their job: http://go.wh.gov/J39tcL
Here's how we're helping train workers for the skills they need to earn higher-paying jobs: http://go.wh.gov/U2eP9D
Happy College Signing Day! Show off your school colors today to celebrate all students going to college the same way we celebrate athletes: http://go.wh.gov/vDcKAG

Let's make two years of community college free for every student willing to work for it. #FreeCommunityCollege
"Imagine the chaos that would prevail." —Vice President Biden on the consequences of 4-4 decisions by the Supreme Court if Senate Republicans don't confirm a new justice: go.wh.gov/SCOTUS
"We have to uphold our values, not just when it's easy, but when it's hard." —President Obama to the people of Europe: http://go.wh.gov/bf6ZWd
"When we start getting lifetime achievement awards, that means we're old!" Go behind the scenes in West Wing Week as President Obama meets with award-winning photographers before traveling to Saudi Arabia to begin a three-nation, seven-day trip abroad: https://youtu.be/evGb2SeveM4
Watch President Obama and the First Lady stop by Kensington Palace to meet with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry during their visit to London last week.
"We spend $80 billion taxpayer dollars each year to keep people locked up" —President Obama on why it's time for #CriminalJusticeReform: http://go.wh.gov/rySHZ5
#ObamaAndKids across the pond.
"The Queen has been a source of inspiration for me, like so many people around the world. She is truly one of my favorite people." —President Obama in London wishing Queen Elizabeth a happy 90th birthday
"The alliance between the U.S. and U.K. is one of the oldest and one of the strongest that the world has ever known." —President Obama with Prime Minister David Cameron: http://go.wh.gov/SiGTPB
Big news on #EarthDay: Today, the U.S. joined about 170 countries in signing the #ParisAgreement, an historic step to combat climate change. Here's what President Obama has done to help ensure future generations inherit a cleaner, healthier, and safer planet: go.wh.gov/EarthDay
Happy Earth Day! We're celebrating by signing the Paris Agreement to combat climate change with nearly 170 other countries—that's the largest number of countries that have ever signed an international agreement in one day: http://go.wh.gov/Kv1W59
Do you have questions about the work we're doing to improve the relationship between citizens and police in local communities through #OpenData? President Obama's Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett is joining police chiefs to take your questions today. Ask in the comments below by 2pm ET!

That's no filter—that's a young President Obama in the 70s when he took a trip to Grand Canyon National Park. Since taking office, he has taken action to protect more public lands and water than any president in U.S. history. Share your national parks #TBT to help get every kid in a park this #NationalParkWeek: EveryKidInAPark.org #FindYourPark
Big news: We just made it easier and faster for you to petition the White House → go.wh.gov/PetitionsRedesign
"I want to be a 90-year-old lady that's really fly, you know?" —First Lady Michelle Obama answering a question on why she likes to exercise during today's White House celebration of Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. Find out more about how she's working to get everyone moving at LetsMove.gov.
Make sure your friends see this to find out how we're working to get you a better deal on your cable box. whitehouse.gov/cableboxes
Did you know that every dollar invested in the National Park Service returns $10 to the U.S. economy? #FindYourPark to celebrate National Park Week: http://go.wh.gov/gDmiwD
You were a father to the whole neighborhood. I'm trying to live up to your example.
Thank You, Louisville!  Jada & I just left the the Celebration of The G.O.A.T. We have never experienced a more warm & loving town. You sent the Champ off right! We are honored and humbled by your unity, your spirit and your gracious hospitality!  Our deepest love & respect go out to the family, friends & community of one of the most beautiful souls we've ever met.  Louisville... We Shall Return!
You shook up the World! My Mentor & My Friend. You changed my Life.  Rest in Peace.
https://soundcloud.com/dhatu/ohnadinecovermichaelcerapianoplayedby-tim-carter
To the Mothers of my children…Thank you for Transforming Pain, Anger and Fear into Harmony, Love and Family.
Mmmmmmmmmuwah! Happy Mother's Day!
Date night in DC! photo credit- Wifey  Celebrating the #MyBrothersKeeper initiative #CareersInEntertainmentTour
I am stunned and heartbroken. I just spoke with him last night. Today, Jada & I mourn with all of you the loss of a beautiful poet, a true inspiration, and one of the most magnificent artists to ever grace this earth.
#SuicideSquad
NYC Love…Thanks everyone!
I think I'm going to need a longer arm soon! Honored to be working with the amazing group of actors! #CollateralBeauty
TGIF!
Thanks for the love fellas, sending it right back! I'll see you guys April 10th. #mtvmovieawards. Kevin Hart Dwayne The Rock Johnson
Congrats to DeVon, and to the entire team behind Miracles From Heaven. http://www.miraclesfromheaven-movie.com/
Saw Hamilton in NY last night. Without question the best show I've ever seen!!
According to WWE World Heavyweight Champion Dean Ambrose, it's time to SHUT SOME PEOPLE UP!
When someone's sneaker game is on point... don't hate, APPRECIATE!
Safe to say The Wyatt Family does NOT "Feel the Powaaaah"....
WWE NXT's Tag Team Division gets more destructive by the day...
What's in store for WWE Cruiserweight Classic competitors? Paul "Triple H" Levesque explains...
Sit back, relax, and BASK in the greatness of John Cena's hip-hop days!
Could Buddy Murphy keep up with the "King of Strong Style" Shinsuke Nakamura on WWE NXT?
The King of Strong Style Shinsuke Nakamura continued his winning streak on WWE NXT on WWE Network.
EXCLUSIVE: No Way Jose is attended to by WWE staff after suffering an attack on WWE NXT.
It was NOT a good day to cross Nia Jax, as Liv Morgan found out on WWE NXT on WWE Network.
She's BACK!! Bayley is cleared to return to action at WWE NXT on WWE Network!!
This dance party is officially OVER, thanks to Austin Aries!   Watch WWE NXT on-demand on WWE Network.
"When Life tells you NO ... you say, NO WAY!" - No Way Jose to Austin Aries.  Watch WWE NXT on WWE Network.
Kevin Love of the Cleveland Cavaliers is ALL kinds of "champion" right now!
Which WWE legend says Dean Ambrose reminds him of... himself?!
What does Shinsuke Nakamura have planned for former WWE NXT Champion Finn Bálor?!
The wait is over... Bayley is BACK!!
After being sidelined at the hands of Nia Jax, Bayley is BACK on WWE NXT!
Meet WWE NXT standout and WWE Cruiserweight Classic participant Tommaso Ciampa!
It was NOT easy for Vickie Guerrero to see Dolph Ziggler in this state on WWE SmackDown!
Who is the ALL-TIME MASTER of the Shining Wizard?!
There's NOTHING quite like a WWE Money in the Bank cash-in!
Who will join Mauro Ranallo in hosting the WWE Cruiserweight Classic?!
The No. 1 WWE Draft pick will be in some SERIOUSLY good company on WWE SmackDown Live!
WWE Cruiserweight Classic participants had their first official photoshoots yesterday!
When it comes to soccer, WWE Superstars aren't afraid to REPRESENT!
Rusev and Lana TELL ALL on ESPN's SportsCenter.
Does AJ Styles NEED Karl Anderson and Luke Gallows to defeat John Cena?!
Jonathan Coachman weighs in on Dean Ambrose's Money in the Bank moment on ESPN's SportsCenter.
Just a normal day in the WWE Women's Division!
Ain't no party like a NEW DAY PARTY!
What lies behind the name "Finn Bálor"?!
Big Brother, er... Big E, is ALWAYS watching!
The lavish life of your WWE Tag Team Champions!
Xavier Woods brought Up Up Down Down to the ultimate gaming event: E3 Expo!
Here's to another successful #NationalSelfieDay.
John Cena is set to co-host the FOX Teen Choice Awards with Victoria Justice on Sunday, July 31!
How do Rusev and Lana handle being a couple in the fast-paced world of the WWE Universe? They told The Coach on SportsCenter.
The Coach covers the top plays from Money in the Bank on SportsCenter. No question Dean Ambrose was at the top of the list!
WWE World Heavyweight Title plates... FIT FOR A LUNATIC!
The one-stop shop for WWE programming, WWE TV trucks receive every single call, camera shot and graphic before it goes live on TV. Now that's reliable POWER. Presented by DeVry University.
That feeling when you make weight for the WWE Cruiserweight Classic...
Sasha Banks is BACK and she WANTS the WWE Women's Championship!
Paul "Triple H" Levesque: Master job negotiator?
STOP: Selfie Time. #NationalSelfieDay
Selfie extraordinaire Tyler Breeze is bringing some integrity to #NationalSelfieDay!
It's time to see WWE Superstars SEEING STARS with a game of Dizzy Bat!
Your US Champion Rusev is ALWAYS ready for a fight.
Get an inside look at the intense training for the WWE Cruiserweight Classic!
As WWE World Heavyweight Champion, one MUST arrive in style.
Eddie Guerrero made a HUGE comeback on this day in 1999!
BREAKING: WWE has suspended Roman Reigns.
Take a LIVE look at the WWE Cruiserweight Classic weigh-ins!
Last night's WWE Raw returns were nothing short of EPIC!
Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins did NOT hold back as they battled for a chance to challenge Dean Ambrose for the title!
WWE Cruiserweight Classic participant Rich Swann is LIVE at the WWE Performance Center!
The Club used their strength in numbers against John Cena on WWE Raw... UNAPOLOGETICALLY!
The Wyatt Family is back... and they are determined to be the DOWNFALL of The New Day!
Stephanie McMahon - WWE is LIVE, talking WWE and what's BEST for BUSINESS on #LeadershipLive!
Dean Ambrose's championship celebration, the return of the Wyatt Family, Sami Zayn vs. Kevin Owens... The WWE Raw highlights keep on coming!
Will Seth Rollins or Roman Reigns face Dean Ambrose at WWE Battleground?
Does The Wyatt Family, Sasha Banks, or PEOPLE POWER get your vote?
"The Boss" Sasha Banks is BACK, and she wants the gold!
Congrats to the Cleveland Cavaliers on their NBA Championship... and their custom WWE title, courtesy of Paul "Triple H" Levesque!
Mick Foley: Three people, ONE LEGEND!
Dean Ambrose has ALREADY been WWE World Heavyweight Champion longer than he was Mr. Money in the Bank!
The Cleveland Cavaliers channeled their inner Stone Cold Steve Austin after winning the NBA Championship!
Paul "Triple H" Levesque + Wale = HIP HOP DOMINATION?!
Celebrate the career of WWE Hall of Famer, Koko B. Ware!
PEOPLE POWER returned ... albeit briefly ... to WWE Raw with the return of John Laurinaitis!
EXCLUSIVE: Baron Corbin isn't worried about the upcoming WWE Draft. "I'll go where the MONEY is!"
EXCLUSIVE: Chris Jericho on WWE SmackDown going LIVE: "To me, there really is a chance for the two brands to be even."
An EPIC main event is set for WWE Battleground! Dean Ambrose will  face....
EXCLUSIVE: The Dudley Boyz give their thoughts on the upcoming WWE Draft, and perhaps a touch of seperation anxiety from past drafts the duo have experienced.
What did Vince McMahon tell AJ Styles he wanted to see from him as he made his WWE debut?    Watch The Stone Cold Podcast on-demand on WWE Network!
How does AJ Styles give his moves in the ring a unique signature?   Watch The Stone Cold Podcast on-demand on WWE Network.
Just who is "The Phenomenal One?" AJ Styles explains the moniker to Stone Cold.   Watch the Stone Cold Podcast on-demand on WWE Network.
How did AJ Styles feel about WWE not picking up his WCW contract in 2001?   Watch The Stone Cold Podcast on-demand on WWE Network!
How did cheerleading help AJ Styles develop his in-ring arsenal?   Watch the Stone Cold Podcast on-demand on WWE Network!
What advice did Stone Cold Steve Austin have for AJ Styles in dealing with John Cena?   Watch The Stone Cold Podcast on-demand on WWE Network!
It's time to shake things up again!  The WWE Draft comes to WWE SmackDown on USA Network!
The only thing better than a dream match? WINNING the DREAM MATCH!
WWE Superstars had A LOT to say about Game 7 of the NBA Finals!
Do NOT mess with The Miz and Maryse Ouellet's.... quail protein?
To defeat John Cena, your finishing move must be nothing short of phenomenal!
Baron Corbin brings the End of Days... BECAUSE HE CAN!
Prepare to be ELECTRIFIED by Dwayne The Rock Johnson's Rock Bottom... 28 TIMES over!
Dean Ambrose's WWE World Heavyweight Championship is currently getting a rather UNSTABLE makeover!
24 years ago today, Ricky Steamboat & Rick Rude took the ULTIMATE test of strength!
Happy Birthday to WWE Hall of Famer, Koko B. Ware!
Now introducing your BRAND NEW WWE World Heavyweight Champion, Dean Ambrose!!
What do The nWo, WCW, and WWE have in common? "Eric Bischoff: Sports Entertainment's Most Controversial Figure" is NOW AVAILABLE on DVD & Blu-Ray!
For the first time ever, Dean Ambrose will arrive at WWE Raw as your WWE World Heavyweight Champion!
The long-awaited WWE World Heavyweight Championship bout between Seth Rollins and Roman Reigns FINALLY went down at Money in the Bank!
"Bulgarian Brute" Rusev looked to ruin Titus O'Neil' Father's Day at Money in the Bank as they squared off for the United States Championship!
BREAKING: The WWE Draft will take place on July 19, when WWE SmackDown goes LIVE for the first time!
Dean Ambrose climbed the ladder to success to become the next Mr. Money in the Bank...
What went down in the highly-anticipated "dream match" at Money in the Bank between AJ Styles and John Cena?
Apollo Crews used his impressive athleticism to make a statement against Sheamus at Money in the Bank!
How did Natalya shock the WWE Universe following her and Becky Lynch's tag team bout at Money in the Bank?
The New Era shined at Money in the Bank as Baron Corbin settled the score with Dolph Ziggler...
The New Day continued their historic reign as WWE Tag Team Champions at Money in the Bank, but how did they do it?!
The Dudley Boyz squared off against Kalisto & Sin Cara as part of Money in the Bank Kickoff!
On Money in the Bank Kickoff, the very crisp duo of Tyler Breeze and Fandango - WWE looked to hand R-Truth and Goldust yet another loss!
The lunatic is OFFICIALLY running the asylum after the greatest WWE Money in the Bank event in history!
EXCLUSIVE: If you weren't just in a violent WWE Money in the Bank Ladder Match, DON'T ask Kevin Owens questions!
EXCLUSIVE: It's been a long night for your NEEEW WWE World Heavyweight Champion, Dean Ambrose!
EXCLUSIVE: The New Day was sure they'd leave Money in the Bank with their titles... and even had a wall painted pink in their honor.
Congratulations to Dean Ambrose, who won the Money in the Bank briefcase and cashed it in on the same night vs. newly crowned champion Seth Rollins to become the NEW WWE World Heavyweight Champion!
EXCLUSIVE: Apollo Crews defeated a former WWE World Heavyweight Champion at Money in the Bank... and he's JUST GETTING STARTED!
EXCLUSIVE: After a HUGE victory at Money in the Bank, AJ Styles is ready to let The New Era begin.
Now that's one CLUCKED up way to treat your ex, R-Truth!
Don't talk badly about Seth Rollins. He has feelings, too... and the evidence is on WWE Network's SWERVED!
Don't want to pay full price? Just DROP IT DOWN for a DISCOUNT!
EXCLUSIVE: A shaken up Becky Lynch tries to explain Natalya's vicious attack at Money in the Bank.
Will Seth Rollins go from TAKING FLIGHT to TAKING the TITLE from Roman Reigns at Money in the Bank?!
Can Seth Rollins reclaim the title he NEVER LOST?! He battles Roman Reigns LIVE at Money in the Bank, only on WWE Network!
Rusev is pulling out ALL the stops to keep Titus O'Neil AWAY from the US Championship at Money in the Bank!!
There's plenty of PAIN to go around for these Money in the Bank Ladder Match competitors!!!
WWE Money in the Bank... a PERFECT night for AJ Styles to show John Cena what The New Era is ALL ABOUT!
Representing The New Era, Apollo Crews BRINGS THE FIGHT to WWE veteran Sheamus at Money in the Bank!
Dean Ambrose has NO FEAR and NO HESITATION towards tonight's Money in the Bank Ladder Match!
Donald J. Trump has good reason to be praising the #Brexit vote.
A serious possibility.
The Brexit "critically undermines the Transatlantic Alliance — the most important alliance in the postwar era."
If London's calling you, this is what you need to know.
Just days short of their first anniversary.
What can possibly go wrong?
Donald J. Trump already made it about him.
These dogs need love, too!
Lily Allen, Chrissy Teigen and tons of other celebrities are having a field day.
Wimbledon is the only Grand Slam tournament that requires players to abide by a dress code.
"No one wants to feed and subsidize the weaker economies."
"You can feel his will to live."
A woman who was eight months pregnant was killed.
The search and rescue mission is still ongoing.
Sorry Donald J. Trump fans — this electoral college "Crystal Ball" says it all.
This should be a wake-up call for young Americans — VOTE!

Donald J. Trump's speech in Scotland was interrupted by a protester holding swastika golf balls.
The DOW just fell over 600 points for the 8th largest daily drop *ever*
The sheriff described it as "complete chaos" — and it's far from over.
Donald J. Trump "saw this happening," of course.
BREAKING
After 500 interviews and rigorous evidence review, there's nothing concrete.
Nobody knows what it means — and now it's too late.
Wow!
Sinead O'Connor is back, and she has a LOT to say.
Barack Obama just announced the 1st ever monument honoring LGBT rights.
"Anybody but Donald J. Trump."
"I don't think I've ever wanted magic more." — J.K. Rowling
Tony Robbins' "Unleash the Power Within" seminar ended with hospital visits.
The decision is a significant blow to Barack Obama's efforts, but he offers his support.
Not only did they finish together, but they won with the fastest times for their age groups!
People will be talking about today for years to come.
It's a state of emergency.
"You're choosing between fascism and oligarchy. Die by quicksand, or die by bullet?"
Donald J. Trump probably didn't realize Scotland voted firmly to remain in the EU.
The British pound tanked to its lowest level since 1985.
"I think the issue right here is: I'm going to do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump," Bernie Sanders says.
"We are adding our voices to the chorus of Americans demanding change."
"I do not think it would be right for me to try to be the captain that steers the country to its next destination."


KFC wants to make sure you never miss the opportunity for a chicken selfie.
"If you work hard enough, if you have that drive, if you have that motivation, it gets a lot better."
The bear actually has an incredibly active Facebook presence.

We all knew Hillary Clintons and Donald J. Trumps in high school — and that's exactly why so many voters don't like them.
"I know what it's like to see a gun pointed at you and wonder if you are going to live."
This mom became an advocate for medical marijuana after it saved her son's life. yhoo.it/28U8Gof
Donald J. Trump claimed to be close to Reagan — but this evidence proves otherwise.
Serge Ibaka to the Orlando Magic: Adrian Wojnarowski on the blockbuster NBA draft night deal between the Orlando Magic and the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Many are praising the NYPD for this — but just as many are calling out their troubled history.
Bernie Sanders took something of a victory lap as he reviewed the states he won and the fact that many young people flocked to his campaign over Hillary Clinton's.
Follow The Vertical with Woj for breaking news and analysis from the NBA Draft. Comprehensive coverage: http://yhoo.it/TWWND
Scientists have found that it is indicative of the rapid pace of global warming.
Follow The Vertical with Woj for breaking news and analysis from the NBA Draft. Comprehensive coverage: http://yhoo.it/TWWND
They'll cherish this memory forever!
Hillary Clinton never used a government account that was set up for her, instead continuing to rely on her private server until leaving office.
It's not because sharks are getting fiercer.
"We need to change the law to protect the next Emily Doe from the next Brock Turner."

Next stop: Skynet?
Get complete NBA Draft coverage tonight from Yahoo Sports' roster of experts.
Martha Stewart said her jail sentence did not impact her brand at all.
The tax is expected to generate $91 million in the first year — but where's that money going?
Check the pictures for yourself — is this a crime?
England's polls are closed and our reporter Chris Parsons from Yahoo UK & Ireland is streaming live from Manchester with the latest on #Brexit.
If you own a Volkswagen...
We can't blame it all on Donald J. Trump.
It takes a full 40 seconds to shoot down.
President Barack Obama responds to Supreme Court ruling blocking his executive action — and he's not happy.
"I think we have spoken loudly and I think the American people have answered."
Here's what the financial world looks like as Brexit polls close.
A "disturbed man" with a gun took hostages at a cinema in Germany and was quickly shot dead by police.
If the U.K. leaves Europe, Game of Thrones could be in trouble.
"If Clinton picked Warren, her whole base on Wall Street would leave her."
This all happened, live on television.
Apple Inc.'s flagship iPhone is getting a serious makeover.
Led Zeppelin Official wins!
Despite early reports, no other injuries were reported.

Barack Obama says it "takes us further from the country that we aspire to be."
"Cannabis saved my life."
"He did it for mushrooms, and to fulfill his wife's dying wish."
For Donald J. Trump, this is par for the course.
BREAKING
One of Facebook's top executive is empowering "all women to achieve their ambitions" #TogetherWomenCan
Somebody call Dwayne The Rock Johnson!
BREAKING
Disney World just got safer.
"I said 'Ya'll' all the time before the accent. Once I got the accent, I started noticing I'd say, 'You all.'"

The $1.3 million Trump's campaign has in the bank is awesome if you're running for a House seat in, say, Maine. It's slightly less awesome if you're running for president.

Tom Cruise is a total badass, and this trailer is awesome.
ESPN Magazine has released the list of athletes who will pose nude for an upcoming issue, including Dwyane Wade, Elena Delle Donne and Antonio Brown.
"Maybe he thought I farted in my hand and threw the fart at him. But I did not."
Gordon Ramsay's new show will make you never want to sleep in a hotel again.
Wait, what?!
"Children play eight hours a day or more. That is a huge amount of time to specialize one way or another."
Kim Kardashian West may be redefining sex appeal with her curves — but these numbers tells a different story.
Say hello to little Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton!
"Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?"

Blake Lively was just "celebrating her body."
Could Led Zeppelin Official actually lose this thing?
"Show him acceptance."
No matter how long you've had your MacBook, you probably don't know all these cool tricks.
There's now an emoji for that, whatever "that" may be.
Donald J. Trump knows what he's doing.
Sorry — no $300 million fortune for you!
The roar was so loud in the chamber, with chants of "Shame!" that Speaker Paul Ryan's voice could not be heard.
"I'm a firefighter, I helped them, I saved people."   Way to go, Iron Man!
"I'm never going to make a Star Wars film."
The father aboard the vessel called his brother at 3 p.m. Sunday and "stated the sailboat was in 6-foot seas and he was attempting to survive."
He "rolled down his window and began making gestures with his hand shaped like a gun and motioning that he was shooting the officer."
Bernie Sanders has some demands — but will they be met?
Can you guess which 5 Game of Thrones stars get paid the most?
"They basically botched it, didn't stop the water in Flint from being poisoned. They made it worse."
He claims it was an attack on gays and latinos — not "terrorism."
The nation's longest-serving GOP speaker will now be known as "Inmate No. 47991-424."
Her son was asleep with headphones on during the flight.
House democrats staged a sit-in protest to force gun control vote — and they won't stop until bills are proposed.
It may be bizarre, but it's a long standing diplomatic practice.
The killer lost weight, got eye surgery and had hair implants to improve his appearance for her.
Barack Obama — what are you waiting for?!
For the first time, Bernie Sanders just publicly stated that his campaign is basically over.
"92% of Americans want to expand background checks for gun buyers, and you just ignore them."
"She gets rich making you poor."
Rory McIlroy joins the ever-expanding list of athletes ditching the Olympics over Zika concerns, along with Stephen Curry and reportedly LeBron James.
WHOA!
If you're trying to avoid spoilers for this year's new Star Wars, do NOT click this.
The nation's longest-serving GOP speaker will now be known as "Inmate No. 47991-424."
"Action beats inaction 100 percent of the time."
This is NOT a drill.
Historic.
This keeps happening.
BREAKING: "No bills, no break."
Breaking Bad fans and Power Rangers fans are both going to LOVE this.
It's not known how long she was in the car.
Days before Prince died, he lost consciousness on a plane, and protege Judith Hill was there to stand by his side.
They're testing weapons that could theoretically reach the US.
Meanwhile, at the Rio Olympic Games...Brazil just killed its own mascot.
This just keeps getting stranger...
BREAKING
The 27-year-old Star Trek star's cause of death has been confirmed.
This footage is INSANE!
"It just broke me down."
Donald J. Trump will reportedly lambaste Clinton as a politician who is out of step with Americans on trade and immigration.


Barack Obama even tweeted "the Senate failed the American people."
"I was six years old when I heard my dad call our transgender waitress a faggot."
No raccoon left behind!
Who's on top after this week's major Game of Thrones episode?
"This tweet was personally sent by Her Majesty The Queen."
And it only cost $10 million.
"I said, 'You know what, I'll get your scar tattooed. That way, if people want to stare at you, then they can stare at both of us.'"
One of the star's of HBO's hit series revealed a little too much here.
"I wondered if that was a sign from God that I shouldn't do this."

From Tom Cruise to Jamie Foxx.
Disney's Finding Nemo sequel introduced some amazing new characters — but there were plenty that didn't make the cut.
At one point she said, 'What are you doing to me?'
"First of all, we don't really call it 'aliens.'"
The future is now!
Charlie Sheen is now facing several lawsuits from at-risk partners —  but here's why he kept them in the dark.
You can stop googling "what is Brexit" now — we've got you covered.
"It's been a fierce interagency tussle."
Months ago, Donald J. Trump proposed an Apple Inc. ban.  But now the tables have turned, big time.
"How do you defend against everything?"
Hillary Clinton just blasted Donald J. Trump's economic plan for America.
What are you waiting for?
When police pulled over an SUV with a cracked windshield, they didn't expect to find all this.
LeBron James could join Stephen Curry and the growing list of NBA players skipping this summer's Olympic games.
The bottom line: Always ask if there's a generic that's just as good.
Bad news for Team Hillary Clinton.
Needless to say, this was a first for the fire department.
"Republicans have decided to sell weapons to ISIS."
They're showing solidarity for all the groups that "Donald J. Trump has lied to and intimidated, because we've experienced it."
The list of offenses just goes on and on...
Two of the clips had "United We Stand" and "America" written on them, and there were over 2,000 rounds found.
"Just like he shouldn't have his finger on the button, he shouldn't have his hands on our economy."
He's giving away an assault rifle as part of a Facebook contest.
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg just traded in his future control of the company — and for good reason.
You may have to squint, but there's actually a 4-6 foot alligator in this photo from Disney World.
A last-minute update just changed everything.
The crowd absolutely loved it.
A man reportedly tried to grab an officer's gun and kill Donald J. Trump during a rally in Las Vegas.
The federal government persecuted gays for years — and then deleted the files.
Instead of running away from the gunfire, McCool threw herself on her son and saved his life, but lost her own.
There are many like it, but this one is gone.
This is actually what happens when you make weed legal.
American Airlines is being sued for the "30 minutes of hell" the girl endured.
If you ever encounter a bear face-to-face, this is how to survive.
"He burns my private parts. He won't let me eat or drink. He beats me. He's going to kill me."
Donald J. Trump's campaign trails Hillary Clinton by over $41 million.   And that's just the beginning.
Nobody's talking about this.
"There was nothing malicious or vicious about it," said Donald J. Trump's son.
This is the only the third time such a rescue attempt has been made - ever.
All that talk about delegates plotting to wrest the nomination away from Donald J. Trump at the convention was just speculation - until now.
ICYMI: "I regret sending out a tweet today," said Donald J. Trump's adviser Michael Caputo.
There is a growing sense among some that the political reforms of the last 50 years might have actually made it harder for our politicians to actually solve problems once they're elected.

You *have* to watch this with the sound on.
Most adorable broadcast ever?
Priceless.

Greg Evers announced the giveaway barely a week after a shooting at a gay nightclub killed 49 people in Orlando.
It's really easy to miss.
The Beatles' John Lennon's hair recently sold for $35,000.
Imagine getting roasted by Barack Obama.
Justice Sotomayor wrote a blistering dissent.
"Barriers are rising everywhere - and I'm not just talking of walls."
Toxic munitions used by the US in 2003 are involved.
Wow.
HBO debuted this trailer yesterday, and the internet exploded.
Pack your bags.
Russia is the first country in the history of the Olympics to have an entire team banned for doping.
Hillary Clinton and former President Bill Clinton have a new grandson!
With the GOP Convention just weeks away, a backlash against Donald J. Trump is gaining steam, writes Andrew Romano of Yahoo News.
"Things are going to get pretty scary."
PSA: You can get free Taco Bell tomorrow.
"It was a horrific irony that gay and bisexual men could not donate in a time of local need."
Eight days after the Orlando massacre, gridlock continues.
He cited a lack of sufficient evidence.

Lady Antebellum's lead singer has been living through her own personal heartbreak.
There are several moments that EVERYBODY is talking about.
The full, unedited transcript of the Orlando shooter's 911 call.
Star Wars fans — is Chewbacca Mom now officially canon?
LeBron James didn't have to say a word to send a brutal message to the Golden State Warriors.
The Senate votes tonight — but no gun safety measures are expected to pass.
He reportedly tried to grab a police officer's gun.
If today feels like the longest day of the year, that's because it is.
The FBI redacted many details earlier today, but now they've been revealed.
A beautiful sight to behold in the midst of such tragedy.
Harry Potter scribe J.K. Rowling explains it all in terms Americans understand — like Voldemort and Donald J. Trump.
This hasn't happened in nearly 50 years.
Donald J. Trump insists he never said Orlando clubgoers should have been armed — but he did.
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver needs our help.
"Sensible gun safety legislation works."
BREAKING
The Star Trek star was only 27 years old — may he rest in peace.
"The boy was completely under the cat."
He fathered children with the girls, and claims he was "gifted" a 14-year-old by her parents.
Just devastating.
Barack Obama — he's just like us!
He identified himself as an "Islamic soldier."
BREAKING
Now Donald J. Trump is *insisting* he never said this — but there's proof!
When Apple Inc. calls, you answer.
If you've used Ticketmaster in the past several years, check your inbox!
The VP says Trump's policies "call into question America's status as the greatest democracy in the history of the world."
Rajan's departure is bad news for the central bank of India and the global banking community.
Noor Salman, currently under investigation by the FBI, was a special education student when she was in middle school.
Over the past week, unionized teachers have blockaded streets, a shopping mall and train tracks in their protest efforts.
Gun control remains at a stalemate as few lawmakers are willing to challenge the National Rifle Association.
Before the vigil even began, a rainbow appeared in the sky.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are NBA champions, and LeBron James is the reason why.




Cleveland ends 52-year championship drought after beating Golden State in Game 7 of #NBAFinals

Anton Yelchin, known for roles in "Star Trek" and "Alpha Dog," died early Sunday morning in a freak car accident, a spokeswoman said.
From Yahoo Music: "The Voice" community is reeling after tragedy strikes again.
The presumptive Republican presidential nominee says the United States ought to consider profiling American Muslims in order to stop terrorism.
"Finding Dory" has had the biggest domestic opening of all time for an animated title.
Hundreds of firefighters are scrambling to contain wildfires that have broken out across the southwest.
"My message today is love your brother, love your neighbor," Greg Zanis told reporters as he was unloading the crosses.
Katie Couric looks into an underreported condition that affects nearly 3 million Americans, making it more common than anorexia and bulimia combined.
Yahoo News spoke to three members of this small, relatively unseen community about the often painful paradox of being an LGBTQ Muslim in the United States.
Here's why Bernie Sanders didn't concede to Hillary Clinton in his video address last week.

"That is my utmost regret as a politician and as governor of Okinawa." — Takeshi Onaga on his failure to protect a woman from a deadly sexual assault in which an American contractor is a suspect.


'I hear they want to try do something at the convention'
The castle amazingly still retains its appearance after it was refurbished in 1889. http://yhoo.it/24Y7W3x Inside an abandoned castle in Tuscany
"I would sleep soundly at night knowing that a person like Omar is protecting us [from] the element which resides behind your concrete and [steel] walls."
Food bloggers around the world are debuting a new trend in hybrid snacks: The sushi doughnut.
"There's glitz. There's glam. There's that Hollywood feel to it, that show business feel to everything."
"It's a reminder that we don't belong."
Less than two months before Rio de Janeiro is set to host the Olympic Games, the state's acting governor is trying to avoid "a total collapse in public security, health, education, transport and environmental management."
"I felt guilty for being gay. Now I feel guilty for being Muslim — and I didn't choose any of those."
"We do think he would have been horrified and sickened as anyone, if not more by these events."
Elizabeth Warren called Donald J. Trump a "thin-skinned racist bully" who shouldn't be allowed anywhere near the White House.
Several officers risked their lives by dragging  the wounded out of the club despite not knowing if the gunman had planted a bomb.
The final showdown between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers is breaking records already.
The first season of "Jay Leno's Garage" is the most watched in CNBC's history. http://yhoo.it/1Up8xIx
No one seemed confident that any of the proposed bills would pass.

Authorities release 911 calls made after the 2-year-old boy was attacked and dragged into a lake by an alligator.

Leonardo DiCaprio can't dodge giving testimony.
The mother heard screams and raced outside to find the mountain lion on top of her son.
Simply put: Pavel Datsyuk is one of the most extraordinary hockey players to ever grace NHL ice, Puck Daddy writes.
"We are all over the moon as Chelsea and Marc welcome Charlotte's little brother to the world," Hillary Clinton and former President Bill Clinton said.
"This is just a smear tactic, a smear campaign," an attorney for Michael Brown's family said.
Guests were reportedly known to frequently feed gators in the same lagoon where Lane Graves lost his life.
Binge Eating Disorder affects almost 3 million Americans, making it more common than anorexia and bulimia combined.
Donald J. Trump "started saying ... 'I'm sorry I can't make your wedding.' And I'm like, 'I didn't invite you,'" Charlie Sheen said.

"Death to traitors, freedom for Britain," Thomas Mair said. When asked again what his name was, he calmly repeated: "My name is death to traitors, freedom for Britain."
Actor Ron Lester, known for his role in "Varsity Blues" as Billy Bob, has died.



Take that, Gordon Ramsay!
This actually happened on live television.
Would you drink this?
Counterterrorism expert Matt Olsen tells Katie Couric that Donald J. Trump's proposed Muslim ban is the "wrong" strategy against ISIS.
"I think everyone should have that same opportunity."
The creators of Disney's Finding Nemo sequel talk about the famous "rules" that tie all Disney Pixar films together.
Blazes in California, Arizona and New Mexico have forced the evacuations of hundreds of homes.
"We can't paint an entire religion with a broad brush."
And he's NOT happy with Donald J. Trump.
It affects every American.
Donald J. Trump loves to boast about how well he does in the polls — but he should look at this one again.
His dismissal came days after the 2007 Virginia Tech tragedy, where 32 people were killed. It was the deadliest mass shooting by a lone gunman in recorded U.S. history until last Sunday.
Even if you thought you already knew, this is incredibly eye-opening.
Their most popular hit, "Set Adrift on Memory Bliss," reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1991.
With one brave moment, Ellen DeGeneres changed the history of television.
Paul Ryan, future POTUS?
Yahoo News spoke to three members of this small, relatively unseen community about the often-painful paradox of being an LGBT Muslim in America.
Obliterated.
Katie Couric and Yahoo Finance examine a disorder that impacts almost 3 million Americans, making it more common than anorexia and bulimia combined.
The brutal murder of Jo Cox, a rising star in British politics, has sent shockwaves through the U.K — this is what happened.
Donald J. Trump just can't catch a break.
A group of physicians, nurses and professionals is behind protest that is expected to draw as many as 10,000 people.
Bernie Sanders says he'll work with Hillary Clinton to transform the Democratic Party.
Jay Leno tells Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric the perfect car for every occasion. Watch the complete interview where Jay talks about his CNBC show Jay Leno's Garage, his 22 years on "The Tonight Show," and his interminable stand-up career: http://yhoo.it/1V28O1s
Sorry, Donald J. Trump — Condoleezza Rice wants no part of this.
Sound familiar? It should.
This is just priceless — and it happened in front of the entire world!
You've never seen a soccer field look quite like this.
12 golden retrievers arrived after the Orlando massacre with love to give.
Donald J. Trump knows he's in trouble.
Watch Russian President Vladimir Putin call Donald J. Trump "flamboyant."
This week's Game of Thrones  may be the most anticipated episode yet — but will the NBA steal its thunder?
Several wildfires have broken out across three Southwestern states.
The cop said he 'would sleep soundly' with him on duty.
More than 170,000 counts of accessory to murder for helping kill 1.1 million Jews and others at the Nazi death camp.
Meanwhile, in New Jersey.
ISIS must be furious.
The Golden State Warriors won't have to play without Stephen Curry — but it'll cost them.
Someone was shot in Chicago every 150 minutes during the first five months of 2016.
No NBA team has won a Game 7 on the road in nearly 40 years — can the Cleveland Cavaliers pull it off?
BREAKING
Marvel fans in Russia are upset over Spider-Man's presence in Captain America: Civil War — and for good reason.
If this doesn't restore your faith in humanity, nothing will.
Some U.S. officials want Barack Obama to bomb the Syrian regime.
The shooter's wife is reportedly under investigation.
Orlando SWAT commander describes what happened during the 3-hour operation at Pulse nightclub.
Sears has survived two World Wars and the Great Depression — but the end is nigh.
Records show the Orlando shooter was suspended 15 times when he attended junior high and high school from 1999 until 2003.
Earlier this month, Hillary Clinton praised George W. Bush as "absolutely committed" to one of her causes.

It's happening!

It's about time!
It's about time!
Teen Wolf fans — he may look familiar.
"In the 10+ years that I have been a frequent traveler, I have NEVER, EVER encountered this situation from any airline."
Will Ferrell makes everything better.
Donald J. Trump has a big money problem.
"She said I love your hair. That's the nicest thing anybody is going to say about me."
America — you've been warned.
"More innocent people will lose their lives. It's very hard to say this... but unfortunately it is the truth."
https://www.yahoo.com/news/cdc-3-babies-born-us-birth-defects-caused-172645396.html
Kevin Hart really won over the crowd with that final line.
Nobody expected this from Fox News — especially Bill O'Reilly.
"So that the shooter may never be near the 49 beautiful souls again."
Although Bernie Sanders didn't concede the nomination to Hillary Clinton, he said the two will work together to "make certain that Donald J. Trump is defeated and defeated badly," reports Liz Goodwin of Yahoo News.
It all began when Donald J. Trump accused the Mexican government of sending rapists and criminals across the U.S. border.

Thanks to low fuel costs, Delta will provide free TV and movies and United will offer complimentary streaming.
Will Donald J. Trump actually choose Chris Christie as his running mate? #UnConventional
RIP Jo Cox — this is her story.
"I can say that today and in the foreseeable future there is no existential threat on the state of Israel."
John McCain now says he "misspoke" about Barack Obama, writes Olivier Knox of @Yahoo News.
He was suspended 2 days after 9/11 for allegedly celebrating the attacks.
Capt. Mark Canty defends the decision to wait nearly three hours after the initial shooting before breaching the club's wall, writes Dylan Stableford of Yahoo News.
Paul Ryan still won't rescind his endorsement of Donald J. Trump.
"He designed it as a military rifle."
Rudy Darden, a professor of English at Valencia College, lost one of his students in the Orlando massacre.
"We lack confidence that Judge Persky can fairly participate in this upcoming hearing..."
Mark Cuban wants to help protect the LGBT community.
See photos of Barack Obama's visit to Orlando, where he plans to console families of the 49 victims.
If you thought his Donald J. Trump was good, just wait until you hear his Bernie Sanders.
Wait...what?
Enough is enough.
It happened just a few weeks before the shooting.
That's quite a claim.
Disney is currently facing both tragedies and internal challenges.
"I'm with her."
The Senate just approved a $602 billion bill that would require women to register for military draft.
We're closer now than ever to knowing what happened.
Donald J. Trump is sending a message to the GOP.
BREAKING
A filibuster is not enough.

He searched for the terms "Pulse Orlando" and "Shooting."
Watch out, Donald J. Trump!
Budding entrepreneurs — take notes.
Barack Obama's photographer for the last 8 years is moving on — to Hillary Clinton.
Luis Omar Ocasio-Capo, 20, and Eric Ortiz-Rivera, 36, will be the first two victims of the mass shooting to be laid to rest Thursday afternoon in Orlando.
Donald J. Trump is about to face a serious grilling.
Mateen said he had some sort of criminal record sealed or expunged, but no explanation was provided as to what the record was.
The Disneyland in Shanghai is expected to become the world's most-visited theme park with as many as 50 million guests a year. By contrast, Walt Disney World drew 19 million in 2014.
The "tiger-striped" cat is nicknamed Tigger.
President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will meet with families of the victims.
Owners say AR-15-type weapons are good for target practice, competitive shooting and self-defense.
ISIS is seeking to "erase" the Yazidis through killings and sexual slavery, U.N. investigators say.

Like a storefront psychic who happens upon a genuine spirit, Donald J. Trump is now playing with powerful historical currents he really doesn't seem to understand, Yahoo News's Matt Bai writes.
Sen. Chris Murphy yielded the floor at 2:11 a.m., EDT, saying he had won commitments from Republican leaders that they would hold votes on two gun control measures.


"The idea that [Donald J. Trump] would call out the integrity of those who answered the call of service and deployed to a war zone is repellant," a former U.S. Army sergeant writes on Twitter.

The Orlando killer is seen spewing disgruntled opinions while working as a security guard during the 2010 Gulf oil spill, reports Yahoo News's Jason Sickles.
Looks like Taylor Swift has found another boldface beau.
Donald J. Trump's comments comment came just hours after he tweeted that he planned to meet with the National Rifle Association to discuss whether people on terrorist watch lists should be able to buy guns.
New details about Omar Mateen's "radicalization" have emerged.
A transgender woman described Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen as being "curious, searching, and uncomfortable."
Their bravery will never be forgotten.
The body of the toddler, identified by authorities as Lane Graves, was found about 10 to 15 feet away from shore at the Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa.
The host of Late Night with Seth Meyers objects to Donald J. Trump's decision to block the Washington Post from attending his campaign events.
If this steamy photo spread is any indication, Kim Kardashian West really wants you to know she's lost her baby weight.
"Either we all stay there and we all die, or I could take the chance."
The former Olympian's demonstration drew gasps from some onlookers, and Pistorius became tearful.
Yahoo News is now tweeting out the stories of each and every Orlando victim.  Follow along on Twitter, and remember their names.
"I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns," Donald J. Trump tweeted.
If you can't exit, the next best thing to do is to find cover.
Officials now say the attack was "not survivable."
This will be the first time Craig Sager has worked an NBA Finals broadcast in his legendary career.
"He had issues."
"Omar, you failed… You can not take away our love. It is more powerful than anything else that exists in the world."
"I didn't understand why they didn't go in."
The Daily Beast columnist Dean Obeidallah joins Yahoo News Now to discuss how the Muslim faith intersects with the LGBT community, especially in the wake of the mass shooting in Orlando.
There have been 23 fatalities caused by wild alligators in Florida since 1973.
Orlando police give an update on the Disney alligator attack and the search for the missing toddler.

Some of the disqualifiers, like mental health and substance abuse, would have to be self-reported if there's no record of the problem.
It remains to be seen if the Vatican would incarcerate a new mother and child named after the apostle Peter.
"It's just making more sense in my head from my personal experience that this was probably it."
Chick-fil-A employees in Orlando were serving food after the massacre at a gay night club, despite the founder's opposition to same-sex marriage.
Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump cement their position as the two most unpopular presumptive major party nominees for president since the poll started more than 30 years ago.
Prince William is the first member of the royal family to appear on the cover of a gay publication.
"These regulations would prevent institutions from using these clauses as a shield to skirt accountability to their students, to the Department and to taxpayers."

The boy was visiting from Nebraska with his family when the alligator attacked.


The meeting at a DC hotel lasted nearly two hours, and marked the first time the candidates have met face-to-face in months.
Sources familiar with the investigations tell Yahoo News that the Russian state-sponsored attack — reminiscent of a Chinese intelligence intrusion on the campaigns of Barack Obama and John McCain in 2008 — was much more extensive than the DNC hack.
"We want to live in a country where gay and lesbian Americans and all Americans are safe from radical Islam," he said.
President Obama challenges those who criticize him for not using the label "radical Islam."
Brenda Lee Marquez McCool, a cancer survivor and mother of 12, was at Pulse with her 21-year-old son Isaiah Henderson. Here are stories of the deceased and their photos.
Our colleagues at Yahoo En Español asked us to share this video as we remember and mourn those who lost their lives in Orlando.
"Abnormal is the new normal."
LGBT activist Jim Obergefell speaks with Katie Couric in the aftermath of the massacre at an Orlando gay nightclub.
"We have to stand up against hate. We have to stand up for love."
Hundreds gathered in front of New York's famed #StonewallInn to honor Orlando victims.
"I never thought something like that would happen in my hometown."
Hillary Clinton says Donald J. Trump's comments following the Orlando attack make him "totally unqualified to be commander in chief."
Former U.S. attorney Kendall Coffey on what charges the wife of the Orlando shooter might face for failing to alert authorities.
House speaker Paul Ryan distances himself from Donald J. Trump's position on banning Muslims from entering the U.S.
Orlando victim Simon Adrian Carrillo Fernandez never forgot a co-worker's birthday — he always brought a cake and photographed the occasion.
The president said "religious tests" have no place in American policy as envisioned by the Constitution and would betray "the very things that make us exceptional."
Yahoo News spoke to Daniele Tashner during a Monday night vigil in downtown Orlando.
Wife of Orlando nightclub shooter reportedly knew of attack in advance.
The Democratic Party's entire database of opposition research on Donald J. Trump  has been compromised.
The wife of the Orlando massacre gunman might face criminal charges, officials say.
"This blood, which poured out of those patients and soaked through my scrubs and shoes, will stain me forever."
Watch live: Jim Obergefell and Debbie Cenziper, authors of the book 'Love Wins,' talk to Yahoo's Katie Couric about marriage equality and the recent tragedy in Orlando.
Angel Colon, a survivor of the Orlando massacre, says the gunman who opened fire on dance floor left briefly only to return to shoot victims who were laying on the ground "making sure they were dead."
A close look at President Obama's rhetoric shows he has not referred to the "Islamic State" by that name since he plunged the U.S. military into an undeclared but escalating war against the group two years ago.
Yahoo's Katie Couric and Olivier Knox discuss President Obama's latest statement with The Heritage Foundation's Jim Carafano.
The head of the Department of Homeland Security doesn't support Donald J. Trump's plan to suspend immigration from countries with a history of terrorism, including a temporary ban on Muslims.
A former classmate of the Orlando shooter says Omar Mateen asked him if he was gay and told him, "you would be my kind of guy."
"Something I'm never, ever going to be able to remove from my head. It's imprinted forever," said a witness.
The Washington Post's Dana Milbank joins Yahoo's Paul Beban to discuss Donald J. Trump's offensive against the newspaper.
Happy #FlagDay, a holiday that only started a century after the Stars and Stripes was adopted.

A juror in the Stanford University sex assault case wrote a letter to the judge and ended it with the words, "Shame on you."
Waldo played Judy, the teenage daughter on The Jetsons.
The apartment has a child's room with toys strewn on the floor and a poster that reads "Be Someone You Would Be Proud To Know."
These are some of the 49 men and women who died in the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.
Focus the conversation on the positives by stressing the importance of promoting love and tolerance.
Here's what The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Conan O'Brien Presents: Team Coco and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon had to say.
France says two police officials have died in a new terrorist attack.
"I guess I feel a little helpless right now," Raman, a young man from Brooklyn, told Yahoo News before getting choked up. "I'm trying to make sense of everything."
Images: Monuments around the world use rainbow-flag colors to honor Orlando shooting victims.
"They are more than a list of names; they were people who loved and were loved. They were people who had friends and families and dreams."
Hillary Clinton assails Donald J. Trump's "anti-Muslim rhetoric" after Orlando attack.
Donald J. Trump says Hillary Clinton "wants to take away Americans' guns and then admit the very people who want to slaughter us."
Orlando Vigil
Here are the stories of the people who lost their lives in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Donald J. Trump repeats call for Muslim ban while addressing the Orlando terror attack.
The Tour Eiffel lit up in rainbow colors as the world expressed solidarity with the victims of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The ban on Muslim immigration, which many Republicans oppose, had largely been dropped from his stump speech in recent weeks.

The president blamed the NRA for why he could not crack down on potential terrorists who want to buy firearms.
Yahoo News is streaming live from a vigil for Orlando Shooting victims outside the historic The Stonewall Inn in NYC.
Yahoo News broadcasting live from vigil for Orlando victims in NYC
He said no one could deny that Emmanuel "Xavier" Valentino had "the most energetic, most charismatic personality."
Yahoo News is streaming live from a vigil for Orlando shooting victims outside NYC's historic Stonewall Inn.
He called the paper "phony."
Hillary Clinton never named her Republican opponent, but rebuked his call for President Obama's resignation and for her to leave the presidential race.
Donald J. Trump renews calls for banning Muslims from entering U.S. in wake of Orlando massacre.
President Obama says there are no signs the Orlando shooter was part of larger terror plot.
Watch live: Katie Couric, Michael Isikoff, and former WH official Timothy Edgar discuss the Orlando attack investigation.
Agency Director James Comey acknowledged that the bureau's earlier contacts with Omar Mateen would invite scrutiny.
Watch live: Donald J. Trump discusses Orlando attack, national security in New Hampshire.
At least 16 gun shots were recorded on a club goer's Snapchat story. http://yhoo.it/1OlLeQC
President Obama  spoke to reporters in the Oval Office after being briefed by FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation  Director James Comey, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and other officials.
Watch: Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to address the Orlando attacks.
Yahoo News Now: Former Islamic extremist Mubin Shaikh on the Orlando massacre.
"Love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside." Lin-Manuel Miranda spoke a verse about the Orlando shootings during his Tony Awards acceptance speech.
"What's really cool is he sort of changed the narrative in a big way," said Burlington native Benjamin Gorbach about Bernie Sanders.
Microsoft is buying LinkedIn in its biggest-ever deal.
The Orlando Sentinel's front page features a full-page call for unity in the aftermath of the city's terror attack.
"This is a man who would lose his temper for no reason," said a former co-worker of Orlando shooter Omar Mateen.
Donald J. Trump: "We can't afford to be politically correct anymore."
Hillary Clinton  and Donald J. Trump plan speeches addressing national security.
"We have made it so easy in this country, for anyone — any one. It doesn't matter who that person is or what their agenda is," says Sandy Phillips, whose daughter was shot and killed in a Colorado movie theater in July 2012.
President Obama refused to use the phrase "radical Islamic terrorism" and called the slaughter "an act of terror and an act of hate," saying authorities have "reached no definitive judgment on the precise motivations of the killer."
"The internet has played a central role in the spread of terrorism, particularly individuals in the U.S. who have become radicalized or adopted extremist views."
Those on the dance floor at the Orlando nightclub weren't sure if what they heard was just part of the DJ's set.
"I can honestly say this is a sick person. This was a sick person that was really confused and went crazy."
The world reacts — and sends love — to Orlando. http://yhoo.it/1rkpsld
Stanford University's graduating students and women's rights advocates used the school's commencement ceremony to express their anger over Brock Turner's six-month jail sentence.
While health officials plead for blood donations to help the injured in Orlando, many gay and bisexual men were unable to donate due to a federal ban.
Omar Mateen, identified as the Orlando gunman, pledged his support for ISIS in 911 calls made amid his attack, according to the FBI. http://yhoo.it/25VWuYy
"It could be hours and hours before we find out," said a mother who can't get in touch with her son after the deadly shooting.
"Tonight, every note I sing will be in remembrance of the lives taken in Orlando."
While Donald J. Trump demands that President Obama "finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism," the president stands his ground.
A man armed with guns and explosives told police he was in the area for West Hollywood's gay pride parade.
"The DJ was playing a typical set that incorporated gunshots, which we thought was part of the music. Four shots, 'pop-pop-pop-pop.'"
Just like the rest of us, celebs are sickened by the news and took to social media to express their grief and send condolences to the victims and their families affected by the tragedy.
"Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism," Donald J. Trump wrote.
President Obama says it's a "sobering reminder" that an attack on any American is an attack "on all of us."
Police have confirmed that 50 people were killed in the shooting rampage at an Orlando nightclub, making it the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. http://yhoo.it/25VnG9M

President Obama addresses the nation about the Orlando shootings.  http://yhoo.it/1YjHZex
The gunman who killed about 50 people and injured at least 53 at the popular gay nightclub Pulse Orlando  in Florida has been identified as 29-year-old Omar Mateen.

Officials confirm 50 people have died and at least 53 have been injured in the Orlando nightclub shooting. yhoo.it/1tktSK2
Family members wait for word from police after the mass shooting at Pulse Orlando nightclub that left more than 50 people dead.
Police say "approximately 20" people have been killed in the mass shooting at Pulse Orlando, one of the Florida city's largest gay nightclubs, and at least 42 are injured.  Update: Officials confirm 50 people have died and at least 53 have been injured in the Orlando nightclub shooting.
Police say the gunman in a shooting at an Orlando, Fla., nightclub is dead and described the scene as a "mass casualty situation." But it was not immediately clear how many people were wounded in the shooting, or if any of the victims had died.






From Yahoo Sports: Muhammad Ali was buried Friday in a corner of Louisville's historic Cave Hill Cemetery, which is famous for its beauty and wildlife.
From Yahoo Music: Fans are mourning the loss of rising pop singer Christina Grimmie, who senselessly died at age 22 after being shot Friday night at an Orlando music venue.
A fledgling campaign to recall the judge who sentenced Brock Turner to six months in jail for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman gained momentum as three prominent political consultants joined the effort.
The money will go to GLIDE, a San Francisco charity that provides food, health care and other services to people who are homeless, poor or struggling with substance abuse.
Trump's tweet was in response to Mitt Romney criticizing the presumptive GOP nominee's "trickle-down racism."
From Yahoo Style: Prince George and Princess Charlotte make their first joint Buckingham Palace balcony appearance.
Maria Sharapova's ban will cost her millions in on-the-court winnings and endorsement earnings.
Fans react on social media to the shooting death of "The Voice" alum Christina Grimmie, 22.

The Libertarian nominee for president vows he'll be "an adult in the room" as name-calling escalates between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
Police have yet to identify the suspect who fatally shot 22-year-old former "Voice" star Christina Grimmie after a concert in Orlando, Fla.



The exponential growth in membership in the past day has caused TrumpSingles to crash four times.
Legendary boxer @Muhammad Ali was laid to rest in his hometown and eulogized as an extraordinary fighter, a committed civil rights leader, and a fierce advocate for peace.
"Audiences from around the world will be grateful to encounter a sequel to a film as beloved as @[Finding Nemo] that more than lives up to the first movie's casually magical charms."
Brock Turner's mother pleaded for mercy, saying sending her son to jail would be "a death sentence." http://yhoo.it/1Yg5Onv
Billy Crystal's story about how he and Muhammad Ali became friends was just one of the memorable moments from today's events.

Former President Bill Clinton's eulogy shows how the once-controversial Muhammad Ali has been embraced by the public as an American hero and national treasure. http://yhoo.it/1tnBNai
"There's something in those taxes that's even worse than shooting someone on Fifth Avenue," Mitt Romney says about Donald J. Trump.
Bernie Sanders is ignoring the approaching end of his presidential candidacy. http://yhoo.it/1PkBvFe
In some cases people don't even know they've been burglarized.
What would have to happen to make "Dump Trump" a reality?
One of the most popular petitions, "Remove Judge Aaron Persky from the Bench For Decision in Brock Turner rape case," had collected more than 1 million signatures.

The House Rules Committee voted down a series of amendments allowing the Library of Congress to refer to undocumented immigrants as "unauthorized noncitizens" rather than "illegal aliens."
Many who have kept quiet about their views have suddenly become vocal about their support of Hillary Clinton.
Donald J. Trump pledges to "restore faith to its proper mantle in society."

Brock Turner, the former Stanford University student who was convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman, has been banned for life by USA Swimming.
Muhammad Ali spoke into the recorder with a bit of the magic that made him one of the most endearing athletes of his era.

Watch live: The public funeral of Muhammad Ali has begun.
Hillary Clinton warned a crowd of Planned Parenthood activists that Donald J. Trump would roll back women's rights if elected president.
In March, Gawker Media was ordered to pay Hulk Hogan  $140 million in damages for publishing a sex tape featuring the former wrestler.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren met with Hillary Clinton at the presumptive Democratic nominee's Washington, D.C., home this morning.
A Republican senator says conservatives should pray for President Barack Obama using a biblical passage that says, "Let his days be few."
Donald J. Trump delivers speech at the Faith and Freedom Coalition Conference.
Hillary Clinton already has a sizable funding advantage over Donald J. Trump.
Hint: Rich parents help.
The 38-year-old human rights lawyer will represent ISIS rape survivor, Nadia Murad, and other victims of the 2014 Yezidi genocide.
"I love to hold back and negotiate when people don't do good work," Donald J. Trump said.
From Yahoo Sports: Hall of Famer Gordie Howe, known as "Mr. Hockey," has died at 88.
"I have an obligation to the party. I mean, what am I going to do? I can't vote for George Washington. So I'm supporting Donald Trump," said the GOP's 1996 nominee.
Live coverage from Yahoo Sports: Mourners gather in Muhammad Ali's hometown of Louisville to say goodbye to the iconic boxer.
A public memorial will be held Friday in Muhammad Ali's hometown of Louisville to honor the legendary boxer.
A son once abducted by his father has been reunited with his mother after 21 years. Neither had even been sure the other was alive.



Bernie Sanders made no mention of Hillary Clinton or of the fact that President Obama had endorsed her candidacy earlier in the day.
Steven Michael Quezada defeated two rival Democrats in the New Mexico primary election for a county commissioner seat.
Amid this agitation for an alternative to Donald J. Trump, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's name has been increasingly mentioned as a possible replacement.
"I am ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton ... and to make sure that Donald Trump never gets any place close to the White House."
Hillary Clinton is not the first woman to run for the highest office in the land.
What does Bernie Sanders have to say about President Obama's endorsement of Hillary Clinton?
The sheriff's office pointed toward the court when asked by Yahoo News about the planned early release.
Queen guitarist Brian May said he had received an "avalanche of complaints" about Donald J. Trump using the rock anthem.
Democrats have increasingly wondered what Bernie Sanders wants from his increasingly quixotic campaign.

Two days of ceremonies bidding farewell to Muhammad Ali got underway with a Muslim prayer service in his Kentucky hometown.
"Handpicking everyone? Trump handpicked no one," the plaintiff's lawyers write, contrasting Trump's own marketing videos for the school and his later deposition in the case.
By late afternoon Clinton's zinger had been retweeted more than 200,000 times — more than anything else the presumptive Democratic nominee has ever tweeted.
Muhammad Ali's 10 greatest quotes.
According to Gary Hart, many people don't know what the Democratic party stands for anymore. He said Bernie Sanders can help clarify the party's values.

The demonstration is just one example of the growing backlash over what many argue is an insufficient sentence for Brock Turner, the former Stanford swimmer.
There are four new discoveries shaking up the Periodic Table, and they just got symbolic names: http://yhoo.it/1tkQb33

Watch live: Yahoo National Political Columnist Matt Bai discusses President Obama's endorsement of Hillary Clinton.
Watch live: Former U.S. senator and 1984 presidential hopeful Gary Hart joins Yahoo National Political Columnist Matt Bai on Yahoo News Now.
Breaking news: President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton.
"Valedictorian, 4.5GPA, full tuition paid for at [The University of Texas at Austin], 13 cords and medals, nice legs, oh and I'm undocumented," tweeted Mayte Lara Ibarra.
The judge in the latest Freddie Gray trial was visibly angry but he did not dismiss the charges against police officer Caesar Goodson.
Coming up at 2:00 pm ET: 1984 presidential hopeful Gary Hart joins Yahoo's Matt Bai to discuss the parallels between Hart's '84 campaign and the current Democratic race for the White House.

"I dedicate this to the brave survivor in the Stanford case who has given so much to change the conversation," Girls star Lena Dunham wrote on Twitter.
Comedian D.L. Hughley discusses his new book, "Black Man, White House: An Oral History of the Obama Years," with Yahoo's Paul Beban.
One of Keyuna Jordan's rescuers is just nine years old.

Throughout the primary campaign, Bernie Sanders and his team have criticized the DNC as biased in favor of Hillary Clinton.

Like Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos and Tesla's Elon Musk, Google's Larry Page is using his personal fortune to build the future of his childhood dreams.
The band's drummer defended ex-Stanford University student Brock Turner, claiming "rape on campuses isn't always because people are rapists."
"We're going to get killed with [Donald J. Trump as] nominee," Hugh Hewitt, a nationally syndicated conservative radio talk show host, said.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren will appear with Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday night to deliver a speech taking aim at Donald J. Trump.
Caesar Goodson, a 17-year veteran of the Baltimore Police Department, faces the gravest of the charges in the death of Freddie Gray: depraved-heart murder.
Kelly Owens had said ex-Stanford University student Brock Turner was an "exceptional student" and "a young man of character" who is "absolutely undeserving of the outcome" of his trial.
Hollie Mallet noticed the adorable encounter when scrolling through the security footage and posted the video to her Facebook page in hopes of identifying her pup's pal. The video now has nearly 2 million views.
Anorexia might not be caused by a fear of getting fat.
For Donald J. Trump, insecurity is not a manageable motivator. It is the black hole that consumes him, writes Yahoo's Matt Bai.




Millions of Muslims around the world began the holy month of Ramadan, a time marked by intense prayer, dawn-to-dusk fasting, and nightly feasts.
Most refused to acknowledge that Hillary Clinton had earned the nomination and instead attributed Bernie Sanders' loss to a rigged system.
1916: The first woman is elected to Congress. 2016: The first woman wins the Democratic race for president. #Election2016 http://yhoo.it/1WFolKB

American eyewitness to deadly terrorist attack in Israel describes the scene.
One of the central players inside the movement to recruit an independent conservative candidate said that an anti-Trump group was "actively recruiting and setting a convention strategy."
Now that primary season is over, the prominent California activist declares a President Trump "would absolutely be a disaster for the world."
Israeli police called it a "terrorist attack."
Are there enough similarities between the songs to qualify as a copyright infringement? Take a listen.
Obesity rates are increasing for women, and health researchers are at a loss to explain why.
Many Mormons see frightening parallels between Donald J. Trump's attacks on Muslims today and their own fraught history.

One look at this photo and you can't help but smile.
The names of CIA personnel could have been compromised by hackers and by the release itself of tens of thousands of her emails.
Watch now: Billionaire environmental activist and NextGen Climate founder Tom Steyer gives his first interview since endorsing Hillary Clinton.

Coming up at 2 p.m. ET: Billionaire environmental activist and NextGen Climate founder Tom Steyer gives his first interview since endorsing Hillary Clinton.


Bernie Sanders will not go quietly, and neither will his fans.
The car went off the Hana Highway in Maui, plunging 200 feet to rocks below.
Bernie Sanders' supporters reflected the stubborn sensibility of their candidate: Most refused to acknowledge that Clinton had earned the nomination.

Donald J. Trump may have reason to fear he is surrounded by political enemies after all.
"I have never seen anything like this. He truly intended to abduct this child right in front of everyone in the store."
Stanford University required new students to complete online training over the summer that covered topics such as acquiring affirmative consent for sex.
"I'll have chance to make clear why I believe why [Donald J. Trump] is not qualified and temperamentally unfit to be president," Hillary Clinton said.
Donald J. Trump cast himself as a "champion" of the American people. http://yhoo.it/1Y8LWCH

"We're going to fight hard to win the primary in Washington, D.C.," Bernie Sanders said to huge applause. "And then we take our fight for social, economic, racial, and environmental justice to Philadelphia." http://yhoo.it/217jfFF

President Obama has technically not endorsed a candidate in the Democratic primaries, but he left little doubt that he favors Hillary Clinton.
"It may be hard to see tonight, but we are all standing under a glass ceiling right now. But don't worry, we're not smashing this one," Hillary Clinton quipped. http://yhoo.it/217k0yv
Powered by a solid triumph in California, Hillary Clinton declared victory in her yearlong battle for the heart of the Democratic party.


The crowd booed when Sanders said Clinton had called him and he had congratulated her on her victories in New Jersey, South Dakota and New Mexico Tuesday night.


Obama's mission now, aides say, is to help unite the Democratic party heading into next month's party convention and the November election.

Watch live: Hillary Clinton addresses campaign supporters after win in New Jersey primary.
Hillary Clinton's victory came just days after the 97th anniversary of the passage of the 19th Amendment, which gave women the right to vote.
Watch live: Donald J. Trump addresses supporters after win in New Jersey primary.
Live updates: Donald J. Trump wins N.J. Republican presidential primary
The marine photographer who captured the image did not attempt to set the fish free, but watched as nature played out in a fight of survival.
Donald J. Trump issues statement saying his comments about a Mexican-American judge have been "misconstrued."
At this time eight years ago, Clinton conceded to Barack Obama after winning California but confronting the reality that Obama had secured enough delegates to clinch the nomination.
Live updates: California, New Jersey among 6 states with presidential contests tonight.
Daniel Petrocelli's backing of Hillary Clinton dates back more than 16 years, to when he made two donations of $1,000 each to her 2000 Senate campaign.
"It is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage. I am friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent," Donald J. Trump began in the 700-word statement.
The last known living 9/11 service dog has been laid to rest: http://yhoo.it/1TXL04p RIP, Bretagne.

"He's obviously stepped in it. He's made statements that are inappropriate," said the Republican from Tennessee.

With the Tony Awards approaching, Lin-Manuel Miranda speaks with Katie Couric about the "Hamilton" phenomenon.

The Cincinnati Zoo said its Gorilla World exhibit has been fitted with a new, modified barrier.
Chris Christie is standing up in defense of Donald J. Trump.
Today, #PrinceDay, would have been Prince's 58th birthday.
Katie Couric talked to Tony Awards host James Corden about Hamilton: An American Musical.
Paul Ryan on Donald J. Trump: "Claiming a person can't do their job because of their race is sort of like a textbook definition of a racist comment. I think that should be absolutely disavowed. It is absolutely unacceptable."
Lin-Manuel Miranda talks with Katie Couric about the "Hamilton: An American Musical" phenomenon.
Hillary Clinton spokesperson Karen Finney joins Yahoo's guest anchor Paul Beban the day after the Associated Press announced Hillary Clinton as the presumptive nominee for the Democratic Party.
Katrina Pierson, spokesperson for Donald J. Trump, joins Yahoo's Paul Beban to discuss her candidate's strategy heading into a general election contest against Hillary Clinton.
She's 21 and has a quick disarming smile. She wears flip-flops. She speaks passionately about her new job as a nursery school teacher.

"I imagine [Donald J. Trump] will move on to women judges because he's been insulting women so regularly, or maybe a judge with a disability, or perhaps one who was a former POW, or African-American," said Hillary Clinton.
For all the hype, Colin didn't make much of an impression.
Of the 500,000 athletes and fans expected for Rio 2016, there could be no more than just 15 Zika infections, a new study suggests.
The mug shots of the Stanford University student who received a six-month sentence for sexual assault have been released after media pressure.
Little Ainsley's dance class had "Princess Day" recently and instead of dressing up like everyone else, she "mustard" the courage to be different.
"I have voted for Hillary Clinton for president of the United States," said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
O.J. Simpson, 68, has not been pictured in a new mug shot since July 2013. He is serving 33 years for armed robbery in Nevada.

Bretagne was 2 years old when she and her handler were sent to Lower Manhattan after the terrorist attack on Sept. 11, 2001.
Donald J. Trump has attacked the impartiality of the judge in the Trump University case, but just weeks ago, his lead lawyer had a different opinion.
"When we began our campaign, our ideas were considered a fringe campaign and fringe ideas. That is not the case today."




Convicted L.A. serial killer known as the "Grim Sleeper" sentenced to death.
He portrayed the legendary fighter in the 2001 biopic, "Ali," which earned him an Academy Award nomination.
"According to the news, we are on the brink of a historic, historic, unprecedented moment," Hillary Clinton told a crowd in a college gymnasium. "But we still have work to do, don't we?"
Beltway types were chattering about Sherrod Brown's veep chances before Hillary Clinton even announced her candidacy.
Hillary Clinton gets commitments from delegates needed for presumptive Democratic nomination. It positions her to become the first woman to top the presidential ticket of a major U.S. political party.
Father of former Stanford swimmer convicted of sexual assault says 6-month sentence is "a steep price to pay for 20 minutes of action."

The victim's family believes Bud has been reenacting a chilling exchange that occurred just before the fatal shots.
"The judge is doing his job," Daniel Petrocelli said. "We're not seeking to recuse the judge."
Of Muhammad Ali, former foe George Foreman said, "the only way to describe him truly is 'beautiful'"
No charges will be pressed against the mother whose 3-year-old son fell into the gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo.

#MarkZuckerberg's password before he just got hacked was: "Dadada." http://yhoo.it/1suwzbR
George Foreman tells Katie Couric that Muhammad Ali was "one of the greatest men I've ever met."
The murder victim's family believes Bud, an African grey parrot, has been reenacting a chilling exchange that occurred just before the fatal shots were fired.

"For what is a man? A man is his heart…. If the heart is great, that man remains great under all circumstances. Rich or poor. Large or small." - Muhammad Ali in 1978, speaking out against apartheid and racial injustice at the United Nations.  (Credit: YouTube/United Nations via Storyful) http://yhoo.it/1U4i47J
Watch now: Bernie Sanders holds a news conference
"None of the witnesses interviewed described the [boy's] mother as anything but attentive to her children," said the prosecuting attorney.
Dan Turner, father of the convicted rapist, argued that Brock's loss of appetite and a swimming scholarship is punishment enough.
Watch: Former heavy weight boxing champion George Foreman and sportscaster Bob Costas  join Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric on Yahoo News Now to remember great moments in the life of boxer and humanitarian Muhammad Ali.
In a change from her characteristic tone, Clinton reminded voters that Trump has "insulted our closest allies," "praised dictators," and acted in "very cavalier ways" that would make the country unsafe if he were to be elected.
Ex-President Bill Clinton brother 59-year-old Roger Clinton was taken into custody Sunday night in the seaside city of Redondo Beach.
"With my experience of social media, I thought that idiots were going to idiot, but what can you say? That's the way the world is," reflected J.K. Rowling
Donald J. Trump has expressed that a judge of Mexican heritage can not be impartial to him. The GOP has advised him to "move on" in the matter.
UFC  president Dana White  failed to return messages seeking comment on the journalist ban. http://yhoo.it/1X6WX8p
Mark Zuckerberg was hacked, and had a super simple password. http://yhoo.it/1ZroUFS
While traveling with an Afghan army unit near Marjah, the NPR journalists came under fire and their vehicle was hit.
Americans have grown accustomed to low crime rates since a peak in the 1990s. But law enforcement started seeing a spike last year that has continued unabated.
Kanye West tried to organize a block party in the streets at 2 a.m., attempting to get in contact with the mayor of New York City to let him do so.
"Gender does not limit us in the United States." Miss USA Pageant winner Deshauna Barber has a strong and inspiring message.
While Puerto Rican residents cannot vote in the general election, the island's politics could reverberate into the fall campaign.
Our chief correspondent spends a day with the down-to-earth Jane Sanders, Bernie Sanders's supportive wife.



The inquiry prompted boos in the Las Vegas auditorium and an immediate outcry on social media.

Would you live in this dorm for adults?
How to rescue your old videotapes before it's too late.
There's a way to watch cable TV in multiple rooms with only 1 cable box. (via Yahoo Finance)
A car crash that downed power lines turned the hills northwest of Los Angeles into torches.
"Do you still love me?" "No, I want your beard."
How newspapers around the world paid tribute to the boxing legend on their front pages.
All across Muhammad Ali's hometown, the faithful headed to Sunday church services to mourn the loss of the Louisville Lip, the city's most celebrated son.

More than 29 million people on the East Coast are in the path of what could be severe thunderstorms, damaging winds, and possible tornadoes.
Dozens of ISIS members have been killed by their own leadership in a vicious purge in recent months.

Newt Gingrich called Donald J. Trump's comments about the judge in the Trump U. case "one of the worst mistakes Trump has made."
Kanye West was supposed to headline the final day of The Governors Ball Music Festival.
"First of all, the notion that I or Hillary or Democrats or whoever you want to choose are hell-bent on taking away folks' guns is just not true," President Obama said.
Violent crimes have been on the rise in many major U.S. cities,  yet experts can't point to a single reason why.


Swiss voters rejected by a wide margin a proposal to introduce a guaranteed basic income for everyone living in the wealthy country.
The stakes are high in the upcoming trial for an officer prosecutors say bears the most responsibility for the death of Freddie Gray.
"We're dealing with a fire that's moving in every direction simultaneously...we can't get to everybody."
It looks to be too little, too late to close Guantanamo Bay prison before President Obama leaves office in January.


If a drug dealer resists arrest or poses a threat, "shoot him and I'll give you a medal," Rodrigo Duterte tells citizens of the Philippines.








Listen to legendary broadcaster Vin Scully break the news of Muhammad Ali's death.
See the photos: Fans across the world pay tribute to Muhammad Ali.
From Yahoo Finance: Facebook is enabling retailers to change the game. For free.
Muhammad Ali was one of the greatest athletes in the history of sports is beyond dispute, but he was also one of the greatest figures in pop culture.
Hillary Clinton finds a new weapon against Donald J. Trump: A satire by Liz Goodwin
Take a guided tour of Bernie and Jane Sanders' Vermont home.
In a statement released hours after Muhammad Ali's death, President Obama writes the iconic boxer was "The Greatest. Period."
"I'm your brother," Ali told him. "I love you and I wouldn't lie to you ... I want to help you."
"I'm going to float like a butterfly, sting like a bee." Muhammad Ali was one of the greatest athletes of all time. And he was also so much more than that.


When they meet in Philadelphia, there will be friction between the Sanders and Clinton camps over the Democratic party's platform planks. Here's an emerging flashpoint.



Donald J. Trump singled out a supporter at rally: "Look at my African-American over here."
The 74-year-old boxing great's respiratory issues reportedly have been complicated by the Parkinson's that he was diagnosed with in the 1980s.
Could the man aspiring to become America's first Jewish president spark a war at the Democratic convention … over Israel?
The House speaker condemned Donald J. Trump's recent remarks about the judge who is overseeing the Trump University civil case.
Torrential rains spawned deadly flooding in Texas, and relief from the weather isn't expected to come soon.
Donald J. Trump's remark quickly attracted attention on social media.

Years had passed and the family had forgotten about the bottles until an unfamiliar letter arrived in the mail.
The judge spent a year under 24-hour protection by marshals after intelligence revealed a drug cartel had put a "hit" out on him.

Donald J. Trump lashes out at judge in Trump University case, targets his "Mexican heritage."

Though Trump declares reporters are "the most dishonest people [he has] ever met," his press corps gets something that Clinton reporters don't: access.
From Yahoo Finance: On the heels of the disappointing jobs report, the risk of a recession within the next 12 months hits a new high.
"I think it shows there's a lot of really good people who care, above and beyond," said the boy's mother, Deb Cross.
Coming up at 12:30 PM ET: Yahoo News Now discusses the spread of the Zika virus with National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases director, Dr. Anthony Fauci.
Facebook is changing its rules so that if Mark Zuckerberg ever leaves the company, his control of it will vanish, as well.
Sculptor Carolyn D. Palmer has been hard at work creating a new statue of comedy legend Lucille Ball.
From Yahoo Celebrity: How the painkiller that killed Prince is ravaging the U.S.
Donald J. Trump is taking full advantage of the crummy jobs report.
Yamato Tanooka's parents, trying to teach him a lesson for misbehaving and throwing rocks, made him get out of the car last Saturday in a forest area reputedly ridden with bears. He was nowhere in sight when they returned several minutes later. Now nearly a week later, he's thankfully been found.




"I will say this: Hillary Clinton has to go to jail. She is guilty as hell."


Sen. Barbara Boxer gives Yahoo News Global Anchor @katiecouric her quick take on Donald J. Trump, whom she calls "dangerous" and "a hater."
Donald J. Trump says U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel has an "absolute conflict of interest" because he's "of Mexican heritage," according to the The Wall Street Journal.
U.S. Army aircraft, canine search teams, swift-water rescue watercraft, and heavy trucks are being used in the search for the missing soldiers at III Corps and Fort Hood.

After his wife fell ill, Brad Kearns became "Dadmom" to two little boys. Now he's a viral sensation on Facebook.
When ISIS attacked the Sinjar Valley in northern Iraq, it left behind a legacy of death, kidnapping, and slavery. Photographer Diego Ibarra Sanchez of Memo magazine captures the haunting aftermath.
On Wednesday, Entertainment Tonight published text messages from Johnny Depp's assistant that appeared to confirm Amber Heard's claims that Depp had physically abused her.
Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris are so over.

According WSB-TV, two passengers in the Georgia teenager's Mercedes-Benz said she was using the speed filter on Snapchat just before a crash that severely injured another driver.
A spokesperson for Muhammad Ali is expected to remain in the hospital for a short while.
House Speaker Paul Ryan says of Donald J. Trump, "We have more common ground than disagreement."
There's "so much interest in it!" says Donald J. Trump.
"We have modified the outer public barrier to make entry even more difficult," said the director of the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden.
Satellites make discoveries in the Middle East, Mexico and Russia.
Saved by the Max is modeled after the hangout where Zack, Slater, Kelly, Jessie, Lisa and Screech spent much of their time away from Bayside High.
Hao Hao the panda has given birth to a rare cub, but the boy still does not have a name. Any ideas?
FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi is 10th on Forbes Magazine's list of the world's highest-earning athletes over the past decade, with an estimated income of $350 million.
Minnesota investigators have reportedly finished an autopsy and toxicology testing on Prince, but have not officially released the results.
With the California Democratic primary just five days away, a pair of polls show the race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders tightening, with the former secretary of state holding a razor-thin edge over the insurgent Vermont senator.

"The initial estimates are that [Donald J. Trump] personally pocketed $5 million" from Trump University, New York's top cop said.
Investigators are focusing on what's being described as a "longer-standing" poor relationship between the two men.
Yahoo's Katie Couric talks to Calif. Senator Barbara Boxer about the 2016 election and her new book, "The Art of Tough: Fearlessly Facing Politics and Life."
Mike Gutkin made several hundred dollars from his cityscapes last year.
The selfie statue and another statue, of a seated man playing a guitar, cost an estimated $32,500 combined.

Newly revealed emails run counter to the Hillary Clinton campaign's efforts to make their candidate look less wooden and scripted than she did when running eight years ago.
The 2018 Olympic Games in South Korea picks a white tiger named "Soohorang" as their mascot.
Israel's president has warned "considerable radicalization" was taking root among the country's Arab minority.
Only three European countries have been able to reproduce pandas.
Driving #ISIS from its last remaining foothold at the Turkish border has been a top priority of the U.S.-led campaign against the group.
"He's got to be the most popular kid in school right now," says his mom.
Hillary Clinton's remarks come one day after President Obama talked up his role in the recovery from the Great Recession of 2008.
If Donald J. Trump wins, the Republican establishment in Washington will lose its entire reason for existing.



"He's a great guy, great father, great husband."

Hillary Clinton sharpens her attack, calls Donald J. Trump a "fraud."
Signals detected from EgyptAir Flight 804 data recorder

"White, non-college-educated Americans" who are widely seen as a core part of Trump's base "need to be brought along to the future," the former president said.

Hillary Clinton deploys much stronger language against Donald J. Trump.
The 17-year Swiss project was delivered on time and within budget.
Four hours after the initial reports, LAPD chief Charlie Beck said the situation was "entirely contained" and that there was "no evidence" of additional suspects.
A disguised Shaquille O' Neal surprises unsuspecting fans who call the ride-sharing service Lyft.
"This is one of the most absurd requirements I have EVER heard."
The outbreak has sickened 38 people in 20 states.
A UCLA spokeswoman confirms there are at least two victims in a shooting on campus.
A baby girl in New Jersey is the first in the continental U.S. born with Zika-related birth defects: http://yhoo.it/1XQ0LtL
"He is pitching voters that he can help improve their lives, but it is all a scam whose only goal is to promote Trump," Hillary Clinton's campaign spokesman says about Donald J. Trump.
The recommended daily intake of salt is 2,300 mg, but most Americans consume 50 percent more than that.

The Detroit Tigers pitcher contracted the Zika virus while spending the offseason at his home in Venezuela.

Hillary Clinton holds a slight lead over Donald J. Trump in a new poll, while men and women are divided over the candidates.
"There was one severe incident in December 2015 when I truly feared for my life," Amber Heard stated about another alleged assault by Johnny Depp.
Dr. Jane Goodall asked if the other gorillas are "allowed to see, and express grief, which seems to be so important?"
Donald J. Trump's campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson discusses the state of the 2016 race.

Archaeologists have discovered Britain's oldest handwritten document.


Donald J. Trump has received his latest endorsement from an unlikely source: North Korea.
Egypt said signals  have been picked up from EgyptAir Flight 804's black boxes from deep under the Mediterranean Sea.
The world's longest and deepest tunnel is a major engineering achievement — and was completed on schedule.
The United Nations children's fund issued a stark warning to Iraqi troops and Islamic State militants to spare the children.



Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell shares with Katie Couric a few Democrats that he admires.

Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell speaks with Katie Couric on concerns that Donald J. Trump will alienate Latino and Asian voters in the 2016 presidential election..
The real estate tycoon is facing 3 lawsuits as he stands on the verge of becoming the Republican Party candidate for president of the United States.
Hurricane season in the United States starts June 1.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell on Donald Trump's rhetoric toward Muslims: "I don't like it at all."
Conservative talk radio host Glenn Beck suspended from SiriusXM Radio after a discussion over a Donald J. Trump presidency takes an odd turn.

Donald J. Trump is confident about winning the Trump University case, says judge is "very unfair"

California Gov. Jerry Brown takes a side in the Democratic presidential primary.
It was one of the deadliest weeks in more than a year on the Mediterranean Sea.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders doesn't pull punches when talking about Donald J. Trump.
Cincinnati Zoo officials "had no choice" but to shoot #Harambe the gorilla, Donald J. Trump says.
Trump's news conference was intended to detail his contribution to veterans groups, but it expanded into an attack on the media.
WATCH LIVE: Katie Couric speaks with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Rep. KY), about his new memoir, "The Long Game," as well as the state of the 2016 presidential race.
Visiting Europe over the summer? The U.S. Department of State is advising you to be on alert.
The Star Wars spinoff will require expensive reshoots, reports Page Six.
Calif. Gov. Jerry Brown endorses Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders as the best hope for stopping Donald J. Trump.
The Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden said that a 3-foot (1-meter) barrier around the gorilla enclosure was adequate, even though the boy was able to climb over it and fall in.
A makeshift camp sprung up in the north of Paris in the past few days where 800 people are living.
"I think it's a very tough call," said Donald J. Trump. "I will tell you they probably had no choice."
Just 17 percent of Republicans and 31 percent of Democrats have a great deal of confidence in their own party's system being fair.
Hillary Clinton says she still encounters sexism on the campaign trail — even in the rope line.
"Democrats have shown – by millions of votes – that they want [Hillary Clinton] as their nominee," said California Gov. Jerry Brown.
Here's the origin story of Donald J. Trump's vaunted Twitter account.
A growing number of Native Americans are involved in court battles over voting laws that could influence the outcome of some tight races in the 2016 election.
"It felt like your arm or leg is asleep and it hurts to move, and you can't move, but it's your entire body. And you're trying to tread water but can't swim."
Filmmaker Roman Polankski's movements are restricted by an Interpol warrant in effect in 188 countries, but he has avoided extradition by traveling only between France, Poland and Switzerland.
Bernie Sanders and Danny Glover watched the Golden State Warriors take on the Oklahoma City Thunder.

The possibility of a hate crime has not been ruled out because of the victim's transgender identification.
Stephen Hawking can explain many mysteries of the universe, but Donald J. Trump's popularity isn't one of them.
Something else to be on guard against when in the water this summer.
Both Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have had problems with secrets, but the Central Intelligence Agency will have to start briefing them soon.
"I would really like you to enjoy my show because there's lots of people outside that couldn't come in," said Adele.


Ann Coulter repeatedly uses the controversial term while discussing a Donald J. Trump rally on MSNBC's Hardball with Chris Matthews.
Both the mother and the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden have faced sharp criticism after keepers shot a rare gorilla in order to protect the mother's son.
Shark attacks were reported in both Florida and California this holiday weekend.
Three women are being credited for stopping a potential sexual assault attempt after they alerted restaurant staff that a man appeared to be putting something into a woman's drink.
Chicago Bulls player Pau Gasol considers skipping Olympics in Rio due to Zika risk.
Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder says Edward Snowden broke the law by leaking classified documents that revealed the National Security Agency's domestic surveillance program. But in doing so, Holder believes the NSA contractor turned whistle-blower performed a "public service," too.
Hillary Clinton marched in a parade in Chappaqua, N.Y., while Bernie Sanders campaigned in California and Donald J. Trump took a break from Twitter.
"In many cases, illegal immigrants are taken much better care of by this country than our veterans," Trump said at the annual Rolling Thunder rally in Washington, D.C., where hundreds of thousands of bikers gathered to honor prisoners of war and service members missing in action. "We're not going to allow that to happen any longer."
Katie Couric reports on Pets for Vets, a group providing shelter dogs to veterans with PTSD.
A Secret Service official said hazardous material checks were being made.
At least a decade is needed for the coral to recover.
"In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents," Trump tweeted, "the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!"

Photo gallery: America commemorates vets over Memorial Day weekend.
The Honor Flight Network is a nonprofit organization that provides America's veterans with an unforgettable trip to Washington, D.C., so they can visit the memorials dedicated to their service and sacrifice. Katie Couric reports:
Japanese boy disappears after parents made him get out of the car and then left him behind "as discipline."
Family members told authorities that six armed men snatched Pulido in his hometown of Ciudad Victoria, as he returned from a party.
More than 2,000 people signed a petition that criticized the putting down of the animal and called for the child's parents to be "held accountable for their actions of not supervising their child."
Atlanta Braves infielder Erick Aybar sat out Thursday's lineup to have a chicken bone removed from his throat.
Heal your hangover with a new product obtainable only through Instagram and text message.


More than 2,000 people signed a petition on Change.org that sharply criticized the Cincinnati Police Department and the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden for putting down the animal and called for the child's parents to be "held accountable for their actions of not supervising their child."
"Our veterans have been treated so badly in this country," Donald J. Trump said at the annual Rolling Thunder rally on Sunday.
"I will make an announcement before the election, you can be sure of that. But I will do it my way, which is always an unusual way."
"In all these years I have known Johnny he has never been physically abusive with me and this looks nothing like the man I lived with for 14 wonderful years," Paradis allegedly wrote.
From Yahoo Movies: Projections for "Through the Looking Glass" kept being revised downwards throughout the weekend, pointing to poor word of mouth.
Scientist Shiva Ayyadurai says billionaire Peter Thiel isn't behind his $35 million fight against Gawker.
Fact check: False.
"I just wanted to end my life because I was not the same. It used to break my heart every time my kids used to see me," recalls Army veteran Freddie De Los Santos, who lost a leg during an attack in Afghanistan.
American Airlines had tough words for the TSA.
At the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden, a boy fell into a moat surrounding a habitat that housed a rare gorilla named Harambe.

"We are devastated at the loss of this young man's life," the New Orleans Pelicans said in a statement.
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder is seeking $165 million to fix the #FlintWaterCrisis, but he may need more.

Swollen rivers have overrun communities, washing away mobile homes and causing water to flow into other structures.
Have mercy! The asking price for the Full House house is $4.15 million.

"According to witnesses, there was no rain and the sky wasn't dark."
"He wouldn't talk back but he would protest in other ways, like going on a hunger strike," Ko remembered.
Considering a visit to Denali National Park and Preserve, Yellowstone National Park and the like? The National Park Service might have some changes in store.
One is called The Silent Hawk, and the other is called Nightmare.
Bernie Sanders supporters take aim at Donald J. Trump with #ChickenTrump meme.
Ten children and an adult were struck by lightning in a Paris park.
Scientists see new things by slowing down video of lightning.
"It's about really understanding this as an opportunity to learn a basic skill."
That's how this Super Mario gets his princess.
In 2015, there were 98 shark attacks, including six fatalities.
General Motors, Fiat Chrysler and Ford Motor Company, among others, would be authorized to run networks of on-demand self-driving vehicles.
A vintage World War II plane crashed into the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey on Friday, killing the pilot.
Geraldine Largay died after getting lost on the Appalachian Trail. Searchers suspended their search while she was still alive.
Mark Sailing, 33, is best known for portraying Noah "Puck" Puckerman on "Glee."
Instead of a traditional speech at Harvard University, Donovan Livingston used spoken word to perform his poem, "Lift Off."
The prospect of a debate originated from a question Bernie Sanders submitted to Jimmy Kimmel ahead of Donald J. Trump's appearance on the late night talkshow Wednesday.

While Bernie Sanders won't be facing off against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump this November, he and his supporters recently received some good news about the Democratic convention in Philadelphia. @hunterw
Watch 1,000 Indian Runner ducks seek and eat thousands of tiny white dune snails feasting on budding vines.
""As soon as I did the Heimlich maneuver," the doctor says, "a piece of meat with a bone in it immediately popped out."
Donald J. Trump says it would be "inappropriate" to debate Bernie Sanders, who is on the verge of being eliminated by Hillary Clinton, writes Hunter Walker of Yahoo News.
Police sources say they had no reason to believe Johnny Depp struck Amber Heard with his phone after they were called to the couple's apartment.
Hurricane season starts June 1. Here's a look back at some of the deadliest storms in U.S. history.
Yahoo_News reporter Holly Bailey is streaming from protests outside Donald Trump rally in San Diego.
Instead of paying an easyJet baggage fee, one passenger wore all the clothes in his suitcase. And then there's the guy who changed his name to Adam West.
Amber Heard was granted a restraining order against Johnny Depp after accusing him of abuse.
"The Brazilian strain of Zika virus harms health in ways that science has not observed before," the experts write. "An unnecessary risk is posed when 500,000 foreign tourists from all countries attend the Games, potentially acquire that strain, and return home to places where it can become endemic."
The role of John Bentel, whose identity as a key figure in the email probes was first reported by Michael Isikoff of Yahoo News, is expected to be one focus of questioning when Hillary Clinton's former chief of staff is deposed.
Karen Alpert's heartfelt letter received 317,000 Facebook likes in three days.
The actress arrives in court with a bruised face and photos of other injuries she accuses Johnny Depp of inflicting, according to TMZ.
For $250,000, a group of up to 18 people can take over the Northamptonshire estate. https://www.yahoo.com/style/you-can-stay-in-princess-dianas-bedroom-for-40000-153410363.html
Virginia McLaurin, the 107-year-old woman who danced with the Obamas at the White House in February, has crossed another item off of her bucket list.
Yahoo politics reporter Andrew Romano decodes all the news from what will likely be the wildest political conventions in years 3x each week in his Unconventional column. Have questions about how it works? Ask in the comments. He'll answer, here and in the column.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/tagged/unconventional
Edible bugs are already gaining traction with niche markets like those wanting a gluten-free diet or wanting to better protect the environment because farming insects uses less land, water and feed.

Watch: Yahoo Guest Editor Debbye Turner Bell talks with Representative Nina Turner about Bernie Sanders strategy heading into the last few primaries.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has canceled a long-scheduled meeting with British rock star and gay rights activist Elton John.
"It is beyond contempt that a politician would use a family tragedy to further his candidacy," wrote Sheila Foster Anthony, addressing Donald J. Trump's comments about her brother's death.
TSA says that though it is taking steps to shorten lines, it lacks the staffing to handle peak travel times this summer.
The study involved more than 2,500 rodents, exposed to the same type of radiation found in cell phones, at the same frequencies, for nine hours everyday, for two years.
It is not known whether these were Africanized "killer" bees that have been migrating north from Brazil and have been blamed for a string of deadly attacks in Arizona and other states.
Facebook's off-site ads will now be shown to people who are not registered Facebook users. Even those without Facebook accounts will be tracked so that the ads are better targeted to their tastes.
Training on how to implant the device could begin as soon as Memorial Day weekend, with the devices launching for use in patients by June 21.
Evidence shows that Hillary Clinton did not turn over all emails for investigation.
Chinese village kids who climb a 2,625-foot-high bamboo ladder in their school commute will soon get stairs.

Amber Heard, 31, filed for divorce from Johnny Depp, 52, after 15 months of marriage.
The Scripps National Spelling Bee kids rise to the 'Running Man Challenge'.
Egyptian officials said search teams in the Mediterranean have picked up a beacon believed to be from EgyptAir flight 804.
President Obama tries to make history without ripping open old wounds.
At the G-7 summit in Japan, President Obama told reporters that world leaders are "rattled" by Republican nominee Donald J. Trump.
Khloé Kardashian and Lamar Odom are finished. Again.
The app prompts each partner to select their gender, a word that best describes their sexual mood, and their preferred method of birth control, before instructing them to record themselves saying "Yes!"
Kerry Huffaker of Twin Falls, Idaho, was diagnosed with stage-four brain cancer. So her son Dylan, 17, brought her as his date to the Canyon Ridge High School prom.
Health officials expressed grave concern that the superbug could pose serious danger for routine infections if it spreads.
Wisely, Disney decided against including Baldy and Deafy.
The matchstick-sized implant is by design less susceptible to abuse than oral therapies.
Johnny Depp says he's eager to put this chapter of his life behind him.
Geraldine Largay survived for a month after vanishing from the Appalachian Trail in Maine. Before she died, she left a journal for her loved ones.
The bill was named after Dick Goddard, a Cleveland weatherman who has advocated for strengthening penalties against animal abusers, writes Michael Walsh of Yahoo News.
Bernie Sanders has inspired plenty of artists to draw him on walls and buildings — even the side of a Vermont barn.
The late blues legend B.B.King left behind a massive family and an estate that could be worth more upwards of $40 million, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Joining the long list of celebrities inspired by Beyoncé, Lena Dunham calls out both herself and other women's tendencies to constantly say sorry even when the situation doesn't warrant it.
When Missy Rogers tried on shorts from American Eagle Outfitters, she was shocked to find that she couldn't get them past her knees. And a viral Facebook rant was born.
"Dear Most Kind and Benevolent American Airlines Customer Service Staff Member. I write to you with the hopes that you may take mercy on me and afford a little sympathy for this flyer who was taken quite ill and had to postpone his trip to see his beloved niece."
To paraphrase Han Solo: Star Wars fans have seen a lot of strange stuff, but they've never seen anything like this.

The measure would prohibit agencies funded by the bill to award taxpayer dollars to federal contractors that violate President Obama's executive order barring discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
Wang Wenliang's donations to Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe have been named as a focus of The United States Department of Justice investigators.

A sinkhole measuring some 200 meters (650 feet) has appeared in Florence, Italy, in a devastating way.
Dust off the lawn chairs and get the popcorn ready. Donald J. Trump says he's willing to debate Bernie Sanders before the June 7 California primary.
Yahoo's Stephanie Sy and Washington Examiner's Kristen Soltis Anderson on the road ahead for Donald J. Trump and the Republican National Committee.
Now that Donald J. Trump has the delegates, here's how he could still fail to get the nomination.
Joel Rosenthal, the president of the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs discusses President Obama's historic visit to the city devastated by a nuclear bomb during World War II.
It takes 1,237 delegates to win the Republican National Committee's nomination for president. Donald J. Trump has at least 1,238.
Diplomats are pushing aside scientists in climate change talks, and that's a hopeful sign.
Donald J. Trump has shown an "ignorance of world affairs or a cavalier attitude or an interest in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is required to keep America safe and secure and prosperous," said President Obama.
Before Akash Vukoti, no first-grader competed in the Scripps National Spelling Bee.
We heard a screech from the cage.
"It doesn't seem like [Paul Ryan] is inclined to embrace [Donald J. Trump] completely and endorse him. I think he may have to vote for him."
The Weeknd and Belly didn't want to appear on the same Jimmy Kimmel Live episode as Donald J. Trump.
President Obama got an icy reception when he landed in Japan on Wednesday.
The bodies of two other climbers, Australian Maria Strydom and Indian Subhash Paul, remain on Mount Everest.

"I was in the middle of the ocean, in the middle of the night, alone in the plane and I was just really happy because this is the world I love," said a pilot for the Solar Impulse.
There's at least one place where President Obama has yet to square his actions with the principles he has long espoused, writes Yahoo News's Matt Bai.
The possibility of a debate between Donald J. Trump and Bernie Sanders emerged indirectly on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
The report by the Government Accountability Office points to a number of worryingly outdated "legacy systems" still in use across the U.S. government that are in desperate need of upgrading.


Captain America: "Hail Hydra"
The software weights a variety of factors – arrest history, gang affiliation, social networks – in order to determine whether a person will become a perpetrator or a victim.
"I think they were just losing themselves," director Drake Doremus says of the provocative encounter between @Kristen Stewart and Nicholas Hoult in Equals.

The enigmatic Shia LaBeouf will be randomly posting his GPS coordinates to Twitter. Anyone will then be able pick him up and drive him to his next destination, Vanity Fair reports.
The timing couldn't be much worse for Johnny Depp.
Thirteen-year-old Ali Chaney of Copperas Cove, Texas, wore a shirt that read: "Some people are Gay. Get over it!"
The famed U.S. Navy SEAL falsely claimed he'd earned two Silver Stars. In fact, he earned one, according to The Intercept.
The report includes new details that undermine some of Hillary Clinton's justifications for using a private email system, reports Yahoo News's Michael Isikoff.
POLITICO obtained an email from Donald J. Trump's campaign advisor to the Republican National Committee asking for information on Hillary Clinton's Whitewater real estate dealings, writes Dylan Stableford of Yahoo News.
Ramping up the simmering battles over contentious cultural issues in America, the states, led by Texas, accused Barack Obama and the federal government of rewriting laws by "administrative fiat."
Therapy taught Neil Maes of Belton, South Carolina, to understand spoken language. Now he's headed to the Scripps National Spelling Bee.


The suspects are charged with "participating in the activities of a terrorist group" following their arrests in the northern port of Antwerp and other Flemish-speaking cities.
Tomatoes are "like gold now in Nigeria."
The carnivores were more interested in drinking than eating.
Beth Howland, best known as a ditzy waitress on the Alice TV show, died of lung cancer in Santa Monica on Dec. 31. Her husband says there was no funeral or memorial service and "that was her choice."
"With all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media," said Donald J. Trump.

From The Daily Saint: In a letter to 8-year-old Zaher, Gunter Nitsch writes: "I'm writing to share my story with you to let you know that, no matter how bad things may seem, there are good people in this world who can make everything better."
Donald J. Trump's "isolationist" foreign policy pronouncements have rung alarms across Asia, but President Obama said "things are going to be ok. I promise."
Gloria Allred, the attorney representing victims of alleged abuses at the hands of Bill Cosby, speaks on Yahoo News Now.
Hillary Clinton was faulted for weak information management in a U.S. Department of State internal audit.
Elizabeth Warren on Donald J. Trump: "A small, insecure money-grubber who doesn't care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit."
Writer Sebastian Junger on his new book about the stories of soldiers returning from war.
